But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.	Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.	The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.	Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.	Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.	Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.	This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.	"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.	Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.	A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.	Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.	The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.	"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.	Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.	"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.	Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.	France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.	Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.	"I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.	Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.	The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.	Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.	The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?	Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.	"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"	Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.	Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.	The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."	"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.	The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.	The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.	BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.	Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.	Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.	The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.	Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.	The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
