In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in the funds available for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of the framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States in all amply sufficient.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It passes in lawsuit next on January 8. It is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which besides it denies.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finance programmes of mine clearance and prevention for years.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial aim of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct necessary to establish, between insurers, the forms of cost option guaranteeing all the supply of good quality of care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived "is an example of supply in the European Community from a third country.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.  
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr. President, my honourable Members, I would like to intervene on the joint resolution that obviously we will vote.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finances clearance programmes and of prevention since years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities Commons generating peaceful links between people.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult that always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament is not a long time ago.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap, particularly destructive.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives does the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan?  
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU.  
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I find formulated well thought-out and clearly.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just like the Court of the human rights, the Council of Europe has to him also a solid experiment with regard to such forms of control. We can take it for base.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the personnel of the inter-service group are very quickly reinforced at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposals of the Act of general interest can be accompanied, during their examination by the Commission on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a detailed fiche d'impact.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would have done better by making its voice heard, in view of the Nice European Council, a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a basis.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a fiche d'impact detailed.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to women's distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and who have no alternative to continue supporting themselves to their vital needs.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and actions, and not just with words.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fisheries, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line is funding programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Vessels, without which there is the slightest, Mr Gayssot.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. (IN) the British Labor Members of group PSE are pleased with the favourable response reserved for the contribution which they made to the ongoing work of the IGC on the reinforced cooperation, without adhering completely to all the details of this one.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people All-Ijaw Chevron have been accused of inciting violence against them and to go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the Warri naval base.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overriding goal and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of Members, consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found, between insurers, the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner, for the steps which they show that we consider and as the representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union will have to deal with.  
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe.  
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation Fund which enable engaging the advantage of public service will probably long fire.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice within the WTO.  
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure on the money they gain the distribution beyond the bounds of the 150 grams enables them to strengthen their position.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It must be welcomed that the European Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef and veal, which has been decided, which is a minimum and which is in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals properly and we have banned well late at risk.  
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions to be compensated for by the use of framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ship sank, without the least storm in exist, Mr Gayssot.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that this House in this morning's debate must learn is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are all over the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must set about the task to sort all this out.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European popular party.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly, it was not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the big bang concept which would admit that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we cannot agree.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three important progress has been made.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union is a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw natives showed Chevron to incite with the violence in their opposition and of going until paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot at the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to incorporate in the Treaty, which demonstrates that this text should be set aside.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I make an urgent appeal to the Presidency to do everything in its power to fill this role.  
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A policy which has been strongly capital.  
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things deteriorate when it is a question of women from countries which have accepted this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who work currently out a job in social conditions.  
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It goes trial on 8 January of next year. It is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, as indeed it denies.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which shows that this text should be set aside.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we must give its chance Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty during the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, politically and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a development of this type which I hope in the other States of the European Union.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, that proves that this text should be set aside.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to try now to force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We must welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to respond and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist age can be abandoned.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Given the criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it would now a tax for all users, including the lorry drivers in the UK.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by the mainstreaming and by specific guidelines.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous as far as the consumer of drugs should be the only to run risks.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a business or a society with fewer than 250 a project, it must be possible for a means not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.  
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of legal cooperation constitutes a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament aspires for a long time already.
(Applause)	I already answered on this point and I subscribe completely so that he said on the need for improving the public debate considerably. I will not return on what I said, but it is true that, too often, the citizens feel foreign with decisions which are made in authorities that they do not know.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary primary objective and objectives, will represent the stone of key enabling us to consider the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first, on this issue, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to what we could consider as a culture, on the standard them in the matter of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.  
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that of course we will.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.  
on the situation in Burma	on the situation in Burma.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers out of a car.  
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the whole and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.  
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The establishment of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament wants a long time ago.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	These last weeks, three significant progresses were made.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the moment to be hesitant.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed want more and better, but quite honestly that I believe this is a good start.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept being recognised that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only way for which no tax is not yet seen is that of supply in the European Community from third countries.
(Applause)	I have already replied to this point and I agree entirely with what he said about the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often, citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in bodies that they do not know.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is a delivery is still seen in the European Community from a third country.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is however capital, did not arouse an lively interest on behalf of the public yet.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January is accused him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which also it denies.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.  
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group of the Party of European Socialists, from a Spanish in the negotiations with the;  
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in their favour can only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent.  
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public.  
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session  
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The House accepts the oral amendment)
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole dependent – the example of Denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for European policy.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just does not.  
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still being EU is one of a - in the change from a third country.  
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.)
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only we had listened to.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.  
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	That is not the time to take hesitant.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the comments by the rapporteur and a number of colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct for dialogue, between a good supply of guaranteeing the provision of a good practices and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices and a series of risks and customers.  
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens' rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a policy of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.  
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to be hesitant.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the model of the "-" - namely the majority - will be in the future as a means of taking in ignoring the European institutions and to a new institution, or a new Group, to be able to bypass the rule of unanimity in the Council?  
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second Group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic.  
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three significant progress has been made.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice grace within the WTO.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We are pleased with proposed arrangements in this respect by the committee preparatory and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organizations, with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life!
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be resolved to take this step.
(Applause)	I have already answered on this point and I support completely what he has said on the necessity of improving the public debate, and I will not go back on what I have said, but it is true that, all too often, the citizens feel the decisions that are taken in the authorities that they do not know.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam the President, I ask you, in the name of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my proper name, to send a message of sympathy on behalf of the Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities both of Brittany and of Marín, town of Galicia, from where are originating the majority in the victims.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I think it is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the Austrian 'model' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back the seat of a car.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.  
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government of arbitrarily its Constitution is the definition of a dictatorship.  
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (h 0886 / 00):
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a European continent strong and united.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as far as the consumer of drugs is the only one to risks.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament however also fought so that this reduction of the funds allocated with the innovative measures is compensated by the use of the framework of flexibilisation, defined in a declaration on the financial perspective.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson which this Parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a state of disorder, and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the official report of the previous sitting
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend – the example of Denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States currently sufficient all amply.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is imperative that the inter-service Group are very quickly, of the Commission, so that all the proposals to act can be, during their examination by the force on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a detailed impact.  
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m.)
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I accomodate the idea favorably to give us an annual appointment in order to take stock of the setting in uvre program.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say it very clearly to you: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope since it will take care of an amnesty during the weeks or of the months to come; but meanwhile, I wish however that, on the political plan and the budgetary term, of the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two special budget headings, namely democratization and the rebuilding.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States wish to maintaining this ceiling after enlargement.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We must organise ourselves in fifteen Member States, to be able to welcome in good conditions for the countries which are knocking on our door.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mister the Police chief.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who deny the enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also be discussing the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction of funds for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We should obviously determine the reasons of the increased incidence of the ESB, not only in France but also in other Member States.
It must be respected and protected' .	It must be respected and protected.  
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial topic, the Committee has called with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.  
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can, moreover, apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice disgracieuse within OMC.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right conditions for countries which are knocking on our door.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.  
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a one-person business or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only to guarantee to 120%, but merely on the basis of a good idea.
(Applause)	I have already replied on this point and I entirely agree with what he has said about the need to improve considerably the public debate, and I will not repeat what I said, but it is true that, all too often, citizens feel alienated to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united continent of Europe.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the question and to many other problems, need visible signs of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region.  
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, on his clear and comprehensive report.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which proves that this text should be put to one side.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I launch an urgent appeal with the French presidency so that it does all that is in its capacity to fill this particularly destroying ditch.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the first and then the inequality of opportunity.  
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation.  
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First of all, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is of such a development that I hope the other Member States of the European Union.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification of the Treaties.  
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can have, however, the Government, which has very courageously a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success as well as strong support, otherwise the threatened peace in the region as a whole.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	The things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. It is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood, which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick for judging the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary objective and objectives, will represent the touchstone of enabling us to consider the specific proposals presented by the Commission.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is just that the Committee on legal Affairs of the refusal of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be 7%.  
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, where it emerges that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek vessels flowed, without any storm in around, Mr Gayssot.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on Colombia removal of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us to organise ourselves Fifteen to welcome in good conditions to the countries knocking at our door.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice Language‒describes within the WTO.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority struggle for the affirmation of fundamental rights has found expression in political choices.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also wished that the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favour could not have been a series of words réconfortants and do not have any consequences concrete on their existence.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union must now address.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line financing demining and prevention programmes for years.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As requested by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives the presidency of the European Council is going to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
(Applause)	I have already replied on this point, and I entirely agree with what he has said on the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not go back to what I said, but it is true that, all too often, the citizens feel foreigners to decisions that are taken in the bodies that they do not know.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities of links between the people.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish, between insurers, forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthened very quickly at the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all proposals to act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299(2), a detailed impact statement.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar of the approach of the approach adopted by the gender mainstreaming and guidelines.  
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Lastly, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all-ijaw accused Chevron to incite violence against them and to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the warri naval base.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is essential, has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	But I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is administered in the Member States.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a way the positive extremely difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied by the college in their discussion on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a fiche d'impact detailed.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another, because the different definitions currently used in the Member States all are quite adequate.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	- British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal, unacceptable for Europe.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started to have exchanges on this question, from where it arises that all the Member States wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widening.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The report aims to identify such improvements.  
