measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward.
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat.
(finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something.
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground.
an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded.
The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something.
utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way.
the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity.
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone.
printed version of electronic data from a computer	(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to former state	return to a former condition.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of testing something.
become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time.
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something.
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something.
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith.
(cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange a program of or for.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of.
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place.
a store or supply of something	a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force).
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through a sieve.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	to wind or move in a spiral course.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation.
be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something.
the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make a dry crackling sound.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something.
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities of something.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
(the content of) a communication.	the last section of a communication.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to a lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes).
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use.
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface.
The act of testing something.	the act of starting something.
cover with a primer base	cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate	make a logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in a different script.	extend in a different direction.
the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new.
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance.
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something.
the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something.
Give a performative affectation to (something).	give a performance (of something).
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something.
be a reason, cause, or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
retreat or move from a position, relocate	remove from a position or office.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something.
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins.
a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something.
The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something.
have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin.
behave or move in a certain manner	dress in a certain manner.
The act of testing something.	the act of raising something.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant.
The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something.
12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something.
(cause to) become even or level	make even or more even.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower.
a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something.
put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources.
the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry.
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something.
the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	maintain with or as if with a bet.
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something.
rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	cause to come out in a squirt.
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form.
a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something.
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something.
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something.
position in football played by a team member	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something.
incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of.
come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of a liquid.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	alternative names for the body of a human being.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering.
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something.
a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances.
