Micron has declared its first quarterly profit for three years.	Micron's numbers also marked the first quarterly profit in three years for the DRAM manufacturer.
The fines are part of failed Republican efforts to force or entice the Democrats to return.	Perry said he backs the Senate's efforts, including the fines, to force the Democrats to return.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91, ending at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Amgen shares gained 93 cents, or 1.45 percent, to $65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.	The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.	The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
Counties with population declines will be Vermillion, Posey and Madison.	Vermillion, Posey and Madison County populations will decline.
Swartz, indicted in February, had argued that New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.	Swartz had sought to have the charges dismissed, saying New Hampshire was the wrong place to charge him.
The last time the survey was conducted, in 1995, those numbers matched.	In 1995, the last survey, those numbers were equal.
Higher courts have ruled that the tablets broke the constitutional separation of church and state.	The federal courts have ruled that the monument violates the constitutional ban against state-established religion.
They were at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation.	They underwent more tests over the weekend, and are now warded at Raffles Hospital.
When the bomb exploded at the Casa de España, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo.	At the Casa de Espaa, customers were eating dinner and playing bingo when a bomb went off.
Plofsky said the commission won't investigate because the three-year statute of limitations has expired.	The panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitations has expired, Plofsky said.
In two weeks, he'll probably send out Peace Rules in the Preakness.	Frankel said Peace Rules will run in the Preakness Stakes on May 17.
If convicted of the spying charges, he could face the death penalty.	The charges of espionage and aiding the enemy can carry the death penalty.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index was up 7.60 points, or 0.46 percent, at 1,653.62.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> shed 2.38 points, or 0.24 percent, at 995.10.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.	Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
Squyres is principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instruments carted by each rover.	Steve Squyres, a Cornell University scientist, is principal investigator for the missions' science instruments.
Express Scripts ESRX.O shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Shares of Express Scripts ESRX.O fell about 4 percent to $66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade.
Police launched an international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she ran away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday.	Shevaun Pennington disappeared on Saturday morning after arranging to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker.
Peace Rules defeated Funny Cide in the Louisiana Derby.	But neither he nor Peace Rules could keep Funny Cide from drawing away.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.	Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
He allowed two runs in seven innings and struck out six.	Zambrano pitched seven innings and allowed two runs on five hits and four walks.
Still, he said, "I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill."	"I'm absolutely confident we're going to have a bill," Frist, R-Tenn., said Thursday.
Boeing said the final agreement is expected to be signed during the next few weeks.	The Korean Air deal is expected to be finalized "in the next several weeks," Boeing spokesman Bob Saling said.
Shares in EDS closed on Thursday at $18.51, a gain of 6 cents.	Shares of EDS closed Thursday at $18.51, up 6 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.
Nationally, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recorded 4,156 cases of West Nile, including 284 deaths.	There were 293 human cases of West Nile in Indiana in 2002, including 11 deaths statewide.
Of 24 million phoned-in votes, 50.28 percent were for Studdard, putting him 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.	Of the 24 million phone votes cast, Studdard was only 130,000 votes ahead of Aiken.
Consumers still would have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
So far, they have searched Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan, Illinois and Indiana, authorities in those state said.	So far, authorities also have searched areas in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan.
Mr. Heatley, who suffered a broken jaw and torn knee ligaments, faces several charges.	Heatley underwent surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and an MRI found two torn ligaments in his right knee.
Lay had argued that handing over the documents would be a violation of his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	Lay had refused to turn over the papers, asserting his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
Strayhorn said it was the first time in Texas history a comptroller had not certified the appropriations act.	In a news release Thursday, Strayhorn said this was the first time a comptroller rejected a budget.
The company didn't detail the costs of the replacement and repairs.	But company officials expect the costs of the replacement work to run into the millions of dollars.
Dean told reporters traveling on his 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour that he considered campaigning in Texas a challenge.	Today, Dean ends his four-day, 10-city "Sleepless Summer" tour in Chicago and New York.
"I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job," she said.	Cavender did say: "I felt that if I disagreed with Rosie too much I would lose my job."
Last year, he made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic nomination for governor.	He ran last year for the Democratic nomination for Texas governor, but lost the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez.
He was taken to a hospital for precautionary X-rays on his neck.	Harvey was taken to St. Luke's Hospital for precautionary neck X-rays, which came back negative.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.	Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
The bill says that a woman who undergoes such an abortion couldn't be prosecuted.	A woman who underwent such an abortion could not be prosecuted under the bill.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.	Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
There are 103 Democrats in the Assembly and 47 Republicans.	Democrats dominate the Assembly while Republicans control the Senate.
Mr Pollard said: "This is a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James's family.	Nick Pollard, the head of Sky News said: "This is a shocking blow for James's family.
"They were tossed around like feathers," Gordon said.	"The concrete barriers (between lanes) were being tossed around like feathers."
Chante Jawan Mallard, 27, went on trial Monday, charged with first-degree murder.	Chante Jawaon Mallard, 27, is charged with murder and tampering with evidence.
Linda Saunders pleaded guilty in federal court to six charges, including extortion, money laundering and conspiracy.	Former Phipps aides Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both pleaded guilty to federal charges including extortion.
Vivendi shares closed 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euros.	Vivendi shares were 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euros in Paris at 0841 GMT.
Microsoft has identified the freely distributed Linux software as one of the biggest threats to its sales.	The company has publicly identified Linux as one of its biggest competitive threats.
The new system costs between $1.1 million and $22 million, depending on configuration.	The system is priced from US$1.1 million to $22.4 million, depending on configuration.
Dusty had battled kidney cancer for more than a year.	Dusty had surgery for cancer in 2001 and had a kidney removed.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.	"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
Kadyrov was not injured, but four of his bodyguards were among those killed.	But Itar-Tass news agency said four of his bodyguards were among those killed by the bomb.
The commission estimates California lost $1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelters in 2001.	The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
VeriSign introduced its Site Finder service on Sept. 15.	The battle around VeriSign"s three-week-old Site Finder service rages on.
Druce is still being held at the prison and is now in isolation, she said.	Druce last night was held in isolation at the same prison.
After Freitas' opening statement, King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recessed trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend.	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday.
Google's investors include prominent VC firms Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital, the paper noted.	Google's early stage backers in include California-based Stanford University and VC firms Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital.
July 1st is the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to Chinese rule.	The rally overshadowed ceremonies marking the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong's return to China on 1 July 1997.
The company posted a profit of $54.3 million, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That was up from the year-ago quarter, when the company earned $54.3 million, or 22 cents a share.
Joining Boston on Monday were the Massachusetts communities of Watertown, Saugus and Framingham.	Along with Boston, Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.	He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
The union had not yet revealed which chain would be targeted.	The union said it would reveal later which chain would be targeted.
The updated products include Pylon Pro, Pylon Conduit, Pylon Anywhere, and Pylon Application Server.	The new products on the desktop side include the latest versions of Pylon Conduit and Pylon Pro.
Dixon was otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Scott Dixon eventually made winning the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway.
Turkish authorities have said all the suicide bombers were Turks.	Ankara says all four suicide bombers were Turkish.
In April, it had forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cents a share.	Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
From Florida to Alaska, thousands of revelers vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.	Thousands of revellers, celebrating the decision, vowed to push for more legal rights, including same-sex marriages.
By Sunday night, the fires had blackened 277,000 acres, hundreds of miles apart.	Major fires had burned 264,000 acres by early last night.
Others with such a status are Egypt, Israel, and Australia.	Nations like Israel and Australia already have such status.
The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association (news - web sites).	The results are to be published in Wednesday's issue of The Journal of the American Medical Association.
Additionally, the h2210’s cradle has room to charge a second battery.	The cradle for the h2200 has space for recharging a second battery.
One of the 14 Kurds pointed at the word "refugee" in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One man had brandished an English-Turkish dictionary and pointed to the word "refugee".
In 2006, the group says the market will rebound 29.6 percent to $21.3 billion in sales.	In 2006, Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $81.8 billion.
They came despite what BA called a "difficult quarter", which it said included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow.	BA said the second quarter, which included unofficial industrial action at Heathrow, had been difficult.
The author is one of several defense experts expected to testify.	Spitz is expected to testify later for the defense.
"The figures are becoming catastrophic," said Dr. Patrick Pelloux, the president of the association of emergency room physicians.	This is unacceptable," said Patrick Pelloux, the president of France's Association of Emergency Doctors.
The mother also alleged in the lawsuit that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards.	The mother also contended that she was sexually assaulted by one of the guards during the 1998 confrontation.
As part of a restructuring Peregrine sold its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc.	Peregrine sold its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $355 million.
Yes, from today Flash memory purchased from AMD or Fujitsu will be branded Spansion.	Spansion Flash memory solutions are available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu.
Pataki praised Abraham's decision, and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said the cable should be kept in operation permanently.	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel said that meant the cable could be used "as we see fit.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.	Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Meningitis is an infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain.	Meningitis is an infection of the fluid in a person's spinal cord and around the brain.
Joining Stern and McEntee on stage was International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams.	The International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorsed Mr Dean several weeks ago.
It exploded in his hands, but the former Italian prime minister was unhurt.	The letter bomb sent to Prodi exploded in his hands but he was unhurt.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.	About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
Halabi's military attorney, Air Force Maj. James Key, denied the charges, which could carry a death penalty.	The attorney representing al-Halabi, Air Force Maj. James Key III, denied the charges, according to The Associated Press.
Waksal, in a letter to the court, said: "I tore my family apart.	In seeking leniency, Waksal apologized to the court, his employees and his family.
Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports of dead blue jays and crows, Jayroe said.	Since early May, the city has received 1,400 reports, he said.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.	The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.	But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
The Winston-Salem, North Carolina company opened six stores during the quarter, bringing the total to 282.	Six new Krispy Kreme stores were opened in the first quarter, bringing the total number of stores to 282.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.	Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
Richard Miller remained hospitalized after undergoing a liver transplant, but his wife has recovered.	Richard Miller, 57, survived a lifesaving liver transplant but remains hospitalized.
Sequent representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on the SCO announcement.	A spokesman for SCO could not be reached for comment this afternoon.
MSN Messenger 6 will be available for download starting at 6 p.m. GMT on Wednesday from http://messenger.msn.com/download/v6preview.asp.	The MSN Messenger 6 software will be available from 11 a.m. PST on Wednesday, according to Microsoft.
In connection with the incident, I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately."	"I have acknowledged that I behaved inappropriately," he said.
A spokesman said: "Since November, we have co-operated fully with the police.	It added it had "co-operated fully" with police since November.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX inched up 3 points, or 0.32 percent, to 970.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.
The leading actress nod went to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna's daughter Tracy.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.
For the entire season, the average five-day forecast track error was 259 miles, Franklin said.	"The average track error for the five-day (forecast) is 323 nautical miles.
"It appears from our initial report that this was a textbook landing considering the circumstances," Burke said.	Said Mr. Burke: "It was a textbook landing considering the circumstances."
Allegiant shares rose $4, or $17.2 percent, to $27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Allegiant's stock closed Wednesday at $23.40, up 64 cents, in trading on the Nasdaq market.
By state law, 911 calls are not public information and were not released.	By law, 911 calls are not public information in Rhode Island.
Orange shares jumped as much as 15 percent.	France Telecom shares dropped 3.6 percent while Orange surged 13 percent.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.	Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
The Nasdaq composite index added 30.46 points, or 2 percent, to 1,520.15.	The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 after gaining 30.46 yesterday.
The British Foreign Office said Monday that coalition authorities in Iraq were pleased that the men were freed.	The British Foreign Office said it had mediated the two men's release.
Wal-Mart estimates more than 100 million Americans visit their stores every week.	Each week 138 million shoppers visit Wal-Mart's 4,750 stores.
"I am proud that I stood against Richard Nixon, not with him," Kerry said.	"I marched in the streets against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War," she said.
He claimed Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with trying to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law.	In his letter, McBride charges the Free Software Foundation and Red Hat with trying to undermine U.S. copyright laws.
Shares of Corixa were gaining 71 cents, or 10%, to $7.91 on the Nasdaq.	In late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, Corixa was up 74 cents, or 10%, at $7.94.
Police then called a bomb squad, but the device exploded, killing Wells, before bomb technicians arrived.	While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.
"This has been a persistent problem that has not been solved," investigation board member Steven Wallace said.	"This was a persistent problem which has not been solved, mechanically and physically," said board member Steven Wallace.
At 12 months there was still a difference in function, although it was not a significant one.	At 12 months, there was still a difference between the groups, but it was not considered significant.
Ridge said no real explosives or harmful devices will be used in the exercise.	Ridge said that no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.
This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here," he said to loud applause.	"This is America, my friends, and it should not happen here."
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.	Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.	But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 4.77, or 0.5 percent, to 929.62.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX shed 0.17 of a point, or just 0.02 percent, to 934.
School officials said Van-Vliet reported the accident using the bus’ radio.	Van-Vliet, who was also injured, called in the accident on the school bus radio.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged up 13.33 points, or 0.15 percent, to 9,196.55.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 7.75 points, or 0.08 percent, at 9,175.47.
Monkeypox is usually found only in central and western Africa.	Prairie dogs, usually found in southwestern and western states, aren’t indigenous to Wisconsin.
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday.	Mr. Mills declined to comment yesterday, saying that he never discussed personnel matters.
The film is the second of a trilogy, which will wrap up in November with The Matrix Revolutions.	"Reloaded" is the second installment of a trilogy; "The Matrix Revolutions" is slated for debut in November.
In addition, the Justice Department said that the FBI has conducted ''fewer than 10'' investigations involving visits to mosques.	In addition, "fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to Islamic mosques, the Justice Department said.
The launch coincides with the JavaOne developers' conference in San Francisco this week.	The news also comes in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developers conference in San Francisco.
Its former chief Mickey Robinson was fired for cause when he left in September, the company said.	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson was fired for cause in September, the company said last month.
Police believe Wilson shot Reynolds, then her mother once in the head before fatally turning the gun on herself.	Police believe Wilson then shot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turning the gun on herself.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.	Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 6.48, or 0.7 per cent, to 990.51.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 6.48 points, or 0.66 percent, to 990.51.
This year the Audubon Society once again hosts its annual Christmas Bird Count.	It's the National Audubon Society's annual Christmas Bird Count, now in its 104th season.
Before it was removed, the site listed in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.	Organizers established a Web site, http://defacerschallenge.com, listing in broken English the rules for hackers who might participate.
Doctors have speculated that the body’s own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Their belief was based on speculation that estrogen prevents cell damage and improves blood flow.
They also found shortness was associated with a family history of hearing loss.	Shortness was found twice as often in those with hearing loss.
In an E-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel, Shumaker said, ''I am not giving any consideration to resignation.	I am not giving any consideration to resignation," Shumaker said in a statement.
Bulger's brother is now on the agency's ''10 Most Wanted'' list, sought in connection with 21 murders.	Bulger's brother, a former FBI informant, is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list.
Doctors had planned to deliver him two weeks early, on or around November 14.	A Caesarean had originally been planned in mid- November, two weeks early.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.26 points, or 1.06 percent, to 1,640.06, based on the latest data.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 5.51 points, or 0.56 percent, to 981.73.
Founders of the group are Matsushita Electric, Sony, Hitachi, NEC, Royal Philips Electronics, Samsung, Sharp and Toshiba.	CELF's founding members are Hitachi, Matsushita, NEC, Philips, Samsung, Sharp, Sony, and Toshiba.
During a screaming match in 1999, Carolyn told John she was still sleeping with Bergin.	She, in turn, occasionally told John that she was still sleeping with an ex-boyfriend, "Baywatch" hunk Michael Bergin.
On the other hand, if this will help further establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."	If draining the ponds in Maryland will further help establish Steve's innocence, we welcome it."
Florida's Supreme Court has twice refused to hear the case.	On Tuesday, a Florida appeals court again refused to block removal of the tube.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Such a step could put the issue before the UN Security Council.	The matter could then be sent to the U.N. Security Council.
He planned to stay all day until the river crested, which was forecast for late last night.	He and the other lawyers planned to stay until the river starts receding.
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it broke below $1.15.	Dealers said the euro's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.
Gemstar's shares gathered up 2.6 percent, adding 14 cents to $5.49 at the close.	Gemstar shares moved higher on the news, closing up 2.6 percent at $5.49 on Nasdaq.
"The European Union is basically absent," said Tito Barbini, regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy.	Tito Barbini, a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany, Italy, criticized the absence Tuesday in Sacramento.
Its shares jumped to $54.50 in pre-open trading from $50.90 at Wednesday's close.	Shares jumped almost 7 percent in pre-open trading, rising to $18.26 from $17.05 at Tuesday's close.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."	We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?	Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
From Broadway comedies like "The Seven Year Itch" (1952), "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?"	Playwright George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
His lawyer, Pamela MacKey, said Bryant expects to be completely exonerated.	"Mr. Bryant is innocent and expects to be completely exonerated," Mackey said in a statement.
It was the best advance since Oct. 1, when the index gained 22.25.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 15.66 to 1,046.79, its best advance since Oct. 1, when it gained 22.25.
Scientists believed Stardust trapped thousands of particles of dust.	Stardust was designed to gather thousands of dust particles streaming from Wild 2.
Nine seconds later, it broke the sound barrier and continued its steep powered ascent.	Nine seconds later, SpaceShipOne broke the sound barrier, the company said.
Both devices implement the v1.2 standard's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony applications.	BlueCore3 also implements v1.2's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony applications for Bluetooth transmission.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.	"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
Griffith, a Mount Airy native, now lives on the North Carolina coast in Manteo.	Griffith, 77, grew up in Mount Airy and now lives in Manteo.
"I notice a mood change in their priorities," one politician said.	"I notice a mood change in their priorities," said one Iraqi politician after meeting with Mr. Bremer.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."	"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.
The network is also dropping its Friday night "Dateline" edition.	The network will drop one edition of "Dateline," its newsmagazine franchise.
Rusch has also allowed five or more earned runs in each of his last three starts.	Redman has allowed two earned runs or less in six of his nine starts.
Mr. Turner transferred about 10 million shares to a charitable trust before they were sold.	The sales leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million shares in AOL.
The New York Mets then selected outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida.	The Mets took Lastings Milledge, an outfielder from Florida, with the 12th pick.
An arrest warrant claimed Bryant assaulted the woman June 30 at a hotel.	According to an arrest warrant, Bryant, 24, attacked a woman on June 30.
Florida Sen. Bob Graham was not identifiable by 61 percent of those polled.	Kerry was viewed favorably by 66 percent of those polled; Dean at 57 percent.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX rose 3.47 points, or 0.36 percent, to 977.59.	The tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 8 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,645.
As a result, 24 players broke par in the first round.	Twenty-four players broke par in the first round, the third highest figure in U.S. Open history.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.	Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
FRIENDS of Robert De Niro yesterday rallied around him after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer.	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro has been diagnosed with prostate cancer, his spokesman said today.
Albertsons and Kroger's Ralphs chain locked out their workers in response.	Kroger's Ralphs chain and Albertsons immediately locked out their grocery workers in a show of solidarity.
The technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> dropped 37.78 points, or 1.94 percent, to 1,912.36.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.
Shares of SCO closed at $10.93, down 28 cents, in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	IBM shares closed up $1.75, or 2.11 percent, at $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.	The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.	The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Knight agreed to a two-year, $2.38 million contract that included a $300,000 signing bonus.	ESPN reported that Knight's two-year deal is worth $2.38 million, including a $300,000 signing bonus.
Against the Japanese currency, the euro was at 135.92/6.04 yen against the late New York level of 136.03/14.	The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
The procedure is generally performed in the second or third trimester.	The technique is used during the second and, occasionally, third trimester of pregnancy.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Besides Hampton and Newport News, the grant funds water testing in Yorktown, King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.	The grant also funds beach testing in King George County, Norfolk and Virginia Beach.
Bond bulls would like the Fed to recognize that risks are biased toward economic weakness.	The Fed also said the risks to the economy were biased toward weakness.
"There is the real potential for a secondary collapse," Gov. James McGreevey said.	The damaged area of the garage was not stable, with ``the real potential for a secondary collapse,'' McGreevey said.
No. 2 HP saw its Unix server sales dropped 3.6 percent to $1.36 billion.	HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
"These changes may affect a large number of existing Web pages," the statement continued.	Still, changes to IE "may affect a large number of existing Web pages," according to the W3C's notice.
"People are obviously inconvenienced," said Dr. Jim Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We're being hyper-vigilant," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.
The others were given copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" and told to follow it.	The researchers gave copies of "Dr. Atkins' New Diet Revolution" to the carb-cutters.
The blaze then spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them.	The fire spread to several surrounding structures on the property and destroyed them as deputies held back firefighters.
The rapper's lawyer, Mark Gann, didn't return calls for comment.	The 27-year-old rapper's attorney in the civil matter, Mark Gann, did not return calls for comment.
Sources say agents confiscated "several" documents he was carrying.	Agents confiscated several classified documents in his possession and interrogated him.
The helicopter burst into flames upon impact, according to the Mohave County Sheriff's Office.	The helicopter was owned by Las Vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc., according to the sheriff's office.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."	Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
Russin did not comment; his lawyer did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.	His lawyer, a cousin, Basil Russin, did not attend the hearing and did not return phone messages.
Licensing revenue slid 21 percent, however, to $107.6 million.	License sales, a key measure of demand, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.
The Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain, was forthright.	"He hasn't got much choice," said the Bishop of Armidale, Peter Brain.
When fully operational, the facility is expected to employ up to 1,000 people.	The plant would employ 1,000 people when fully built out, the company said.
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.	The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
The American Stock Exchange biotech index .BTK surged 5 percent.	The Philadelphia Stock Exchange's semiconductor index .SOXX jumped 6.10 percent.
"I really liked him and I still do," Cohen Alon told the Herald yesterday.	And I really liked him, and I still do.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.	The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
State Education Commissioner Kent King said Wednesday that the scores on the Missouri Assessment Program tests disappointed him.	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King said he was disappointed by the scores.
Agents found more than 1,000 credit cards and credit card duplicating machines during a search of Ragin's address.	When Ragin's address was raided, authorities found more than 1,000 credit cards and duplicating machines.
Caldera acquired the Unix server software of the original SCO and changed its name to the SCO Group.	SCO changed its name to Tarantella, and Caldera later changed its name to the SCO Group.
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.	It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
The best-performing stock was Altria Group Inc., which rose more than 27 percent to close at $42.31 a share.	Altria Group Inc. MO.N fell 50 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $41.81.
"This is an easy case in my view and wholly without merit, both factually and legally."	"This case is wholly without merit, both factually and legally," Judge Denny Chin scoffed.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.	At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
The weather service reported maximum sustained winds of nearly 105 miles an hour with stronger gusts.	Maximum sustained winds were around 40 mph, with stronger gusts.
The WiFi potties were to be unveiled this summer, at music festivals in Britain.	The world's first portal potty was soon to be rolled out at summer festivals in Great Britain.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.	Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."	Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
John Hickenlooper had 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares.	Hickenlooper clobbered city Auditor Don Mares, 46, in the Tuesday runoff.
Forecasters said warnings might go up for Cuba later Thursday.	Watches or warnings could be issued for eastern Cuba later on Thursday.
Shiites make up 20 percent of the country's population.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.	"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
Young has 28 days to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.
British Airways' New York-to-London runs will end in October.	British Airways plans to retire its seven Concordes at the end of October.
The new policy gives greatest weight to grades, test scores and a student's high school curriculum.	Academic achievement -- including grades, test scores and high school curriculum -- are given the highest priority.
The new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by Monday, according to security analysts.	Security analysts said the new version, W32/Sobig.C-mm, had already reached a "high level" outbreak status by mid-afternoon on Monday.
The only other person who had not been accounted for Sunday was a man from Fort Worth, Texas.	Another person, a man from Fort Worth, Texas, also was missing.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.
AFTRA members approved the merger by a vote of 75.88% to 24.12%.	AFTRA, on the other hand, approved the merger by a whopping 75 percent.
The currency briefly weakened slightly on Monday to trade at 55.34/39, not far from its record low of 55.75.	The currency briefly weakened on Monday morning but rebounded to trade at 55.25/29, little changed from Friday.
"I'm real excited to be a Cleveland Cavalier," James said.	"I'm really excited about going to Cleveland," James told ESPN.com.
According to law enforcement officials, the person arrested was a known sophisticated hacker.	According to law enforcement officials, the individual decrypted passwords on the server.
Excluding litigation charges, RIM's loss narrowed even further to 1 cent a share.	Excluding patent litigation, RIM's loss for the quarter was $700,000, or 1 cent per share.
Mr Alibek said: "Our outcomes are very encouraging.	"Our outcomes are very encouraging," George Mason researcher Ken Alibek said.
Selenski descended down the wall and used the mattress to climb over razor wire.	Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire, Fischi said.
Wells’ other series include NBC’s ER and Third Watch.	Wells' other series include NBC's "ER" and "Third Watch."
Thirty-three of the 42 men had been arrested by Wednesday evening, said Daniel Bogden, U.S. attorney in Nevada.	Thirty-four of the men have been arrested and the others are being sought, US Attorney Daniel Bogden said yesterday.
Common side effects include nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough, the FDA said.	The most common side effects after getting the nasal spray were nasal congestion, runny nose, sore throat and cough.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.	Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Colgate shares closed Monday at $56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Colgate shares were down 30 cents at $56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange.
Several shots rang out in the darkness, but only one gator had been killed by 11 p.m.	Several shots rang out Wednesday night, but no gators were killed then.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.	Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was 0.46 points lower, or 0.05 percent, at 997.02.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.
The index, which measures activity in the service sector, climbed to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March.	The Arizona-based ISM reported Monday that its non-manufacturing index rose to 50.7 last month, from 47.9 in March.
"Unlike many early-stage Internet firms, Google is believed to be profitable.	The privately held Google is believed to be profitable.
And when asked if he felt regret or guilt about the attack his answer was an adamant "no".	Asked if he felt any regret about theOctober 12 attack, the answer was an adamant "no".
Russ Britt is the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com.	Emily Church is London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com.
"If you pass this bill, Big Brother will be watching you," said Rep. John Mabry, D-Waco.	"If you pass this bill," Rep. John Mabry Jr., D-Waco, told colleagues, "Big Brother will be watching you."
Douglas Robinson, a senior vice president of finance, will take over as chief financial officer on an interim basis.	Douglas Robinson, CA senior vice president, finance, will fill the position in the interim.
INTEL TODAY disclosed details of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phones and handheld devices here in San Jose.	Intel on Wednesday unveiled its next-generation processor for cell phones, PDAs, and other wireless devices.
Several states and the federal government later passed similar or more strict bans.	Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or tougher bans.
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.	He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
Shares of Littleton, Colorado-based EchoStar rose $1.63, or 5.3 percent, to $32.26 at 10:55 a.m.	On Monday, EchoStar (DISH: news, chart, profile) shares shrank $1.40, or 4.4 percent, to $30.63.
The Nasdaq composite index advanced 20.59, or 1.3 percent, to 1,616.50, after gaining 5.7 percent last week.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
Revenue rose 3.9 percent, to $1.63 billion from $1.57 billion.	The McLean, Virginia-based company said newspaper revenue increased 5 percent to $1.46 billion.
In January 2000, notebooks represented less than 25 percent of sales volume.	That compares with January 2000, when laptops represented less than 25 percent of sales volume, NPD said.
Argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk are in the other half.	The other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands is also compelling.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.	CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
She had only a single condition, that the book not be published until her death.	She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.
The findings are published in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature.	Both studies are published on Thursday in Nature, the British weekly science journal.
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409, after accounting for inflation.	The same survey found the median household income rose by $51, when accounting for inflation, to $43,057.
The company said it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line CDs to $9.09 from $12.02.	The company also said it would cut wholesale prices on cassettes and change the suggested retail price to $8.98.
He left the army for Syria where he received religious training.	He moved to Syria, where he underwent further religious training in traditional Islamic beliefs.
The upcoming second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offering investors guidance, they say.	They say second-quarter earnings reports will be key in giving investors that guidance.
The bank's shares fell 45 cents in trading yesterday to $91.51 per share.	Shares of M&T, which is based in Buffalo, fell 41 cents, to $91.51.
Perry has called lawmakers into two special sessions to address congressional redistricting.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
In the latest violence, insurgents threw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing one soldier.	Early Monday, insurgents threw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad, killing an American soldier.
Consumer groups are against the changes, saying they hurt individuality in markets.	Consumer groups oppose the changes, saying they would concentrate too many outlets in too few media empires.
AirTran officials and a Boeing official declined to comment yesterday.	Trish York, a spokeswoman for Boeing, declined to comment on the deal.
The case comes out of Illinois and involves a for-profit company called Telemarketing Associates Inc.	The case decided Monday centered around an Illinois fund-raiser, Telemarketing Associates.
Mr. Pingeon is director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, a prisoners' rights group.	Pingeon said an attorney for his organization, Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services, interviewed Assan Tuesday.
Yee is a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.	Yee grew up in the United States and graduated from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point.
"PNC regrets its involvement" in the deals, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr said in a statement.	James Rohr, chairman and chief executive officer, said PNC regretted the incident.
CCAG supported Bill Curry, Rowland's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election.	Mr. Swan's group supported the governor's Democratic opponent, Bill Curry, in the 2002 election.
They later fell out and have backed a series of rival Congolese militias in recent years.	The two invading countries later fell out, and have since backed rival factions.
Veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrates his 100th birthday - and many years in showbusiness - on Thursday.	Hollywood and the world are gearing up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope's 100th birthday on Thursday.
Colin Powell, the Secretary of State, said contacts with Iran would not stop.	Secretary of State Colin Powell said yesterday that contacts with Iran would continue.
Declining issues outnumbered advancers nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancers outnumbered decliners by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.	Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
An injured woman co-worker also was hospitalized and was listed in good condition.	A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.
The shooting victim was taken to Kings County Hospital Center, where he later died, the police said.	The victim, who was not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital where he was pronounced dead.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.	A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
They reported symptoms of fever, headache, rash and muscle aches.	Symptoms include a stiff neck, fever, headache and sensitivity to light.
"We've become like total strangers," Klein quotes him as saying.	"We've become like total strangers," John told a pal two days before his death.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.	Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Scrimshaw, Supervisor, Best Minister and Ten Most Wanted are expected to complete the Belmont field.	Best Minister, Scrimshaw, and Ten Most Wanted all had workouts on Monday morning.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC fell 23.54 points, or 1.42 percent, to 1,630.08.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
"It was a final test before delivering the missile to the armed forces.	State radio said it was the last test before the missile was delivered to the armed forces.
Also, businesses throughout Utah are volunteering to display Amber alerts on their signs.	Other businesses are volunteering to put the alerts on their electronic signs and billboards.
In September, Hewlett-Packard signed a development and marketing deal with the company.	Four months later it signed a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co.
Consumers would still have to get a descrambling security card from their cable operator to plug into the set.	To watch pay television, consumers would insert into the set a security card provided by their cable service.
On Friday, the Concorde started up around sunrise and seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.	Yesterday, the Concorde seemed to launch itself straight out of the rising sun.
A Stage 1 episode is declared when ozone levels reach 0.20 parts per million.	The federal standard for ozone is 0.12 parts per million.
After Hughes refused to rehire Hernandez, he complained to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.	Hernandez filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sued.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.	The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
Dewhurst's proposal calls for an abrupt end to the controversial "Robin Hood" plan for school finance.	The committee would propose a replacement for the "Robin Hood" school finance system.
Other countries and private creditors are owed at least $80 billion in addition.	Other countries are owed at least $US80 billion ($108.52 billion).
Telemarketers who call numbers on the list after Oct. 1 could face fines of up to $11,000 per call.	Under the law, telemarketers who call numbers on the list can be fined up to $11,000 for each violation.
While waiting for a bomb squad to arrive, the bomb exploded, killing Wells.	The bomb exploded while authorities waited for a bomb squad to arrive.
The jury also found Gonzales guilty of using excessive force by dousing Olvera-Carrera with pepper spray.	Gonzales was found guilty of using excessive force by spraying Olvera with pepper spray.
Garner said the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad, Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi, was released after two days in coalition custody.	Garner said self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi was released 48 hours after his detention in late April.
"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud," prosecutor Samuel Buell told the Associated Press.	"Enron company executives engaged in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company's earnings results," Buell said.
Customers that pay the $1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses.	Retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licenses is $1,219.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.	Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
Those reports were denied by the interior minister, Prince Nayef.	However, the Saudi interior minister, Prince Nayef, denied the reports.
Bryant previously said that hike had a greater impact on demand than officials expected.	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.	Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
A spokeswoman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was in satisfactory condition Tuesday night.	A spokesman at Strong Memorial Hospital said Doud was under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room.
After that, college President Paul Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.	After Hedges' microphone was unplugged for a second time, Pribbenow told him to wrap up his speech.
For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.	For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Ricky Clemons' brief, troubled Missouri basketball career is over.	Missouri kicked Ricky Clemons off its team, ending his troubled career there.
US military officials say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blown down the banner.	US officials said downward "rotor wash" generated by the hovering helicopter stripped the flag from the tower.
The former president also gave numerous speeches in 2002 without compensation, said his spokesman Jim Kennedy.	His spokesman Jim Kennedy said the former president also gave more than 70 speeches in 2002 without compensation.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.	General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
Yahoo accounts for 159,354 of the BSD sites, with 152,054 from NTT/Verio and 129,378 from Infospace, the survey found.	Another 152,054 are from IP services company NTT/Verio, and 129,378 from InfoSpace, the survey found.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.	NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
Its maker, MedImmune Inc., based in Gaithersburg, made 4 million to 5 million doses this year.	MedImmune Vaccines, the maker of FluMist, made between 4 million and 5 million doses this year.
Kaichen appeared Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charges.	She appeared in federal court Wednesday, but did not enter a plea.
About 100 firefighters are in the bosque today, Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.	"We were seconds away from having that happen," Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega said.
"The issue has been resolved," Marlins President David Samson said through a club spokesman.	The Marlins only said: "The issue has been resolved."
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.	A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
Shares of McDonald's rose $1.83, or 8.3 percent, to close at the day's high of $23.89.	McDonald's shares rose $1.83 to close Friday at $23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange.
Ernst & Young admitted no wrongdoing with the settlement.	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan said the firm admits no wrongdoing.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.	But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
He wounded a security guard and then fled, stabbing two passersby as he ran off along the promenade.	He then stabbed two passersby as he fled along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea.
He and his colleagues attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time.	He attributed some of the communication gap to doctors feeling pressed for time; patients cited discomfort discussing financial issues.
State police said as many as 30 workers were trapped immediately after the garage collapsed.	As many as 30 people were believed to be trapped inside initially, the state police said.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.	Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.	She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 of the state's 16 fatalities were reported.	The governor is going to Jackson, where 13 people were killed.
Congratulations on being named Time magazine's Person of the Year.	Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.	Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
It will also give Microsoft an opportunity to comment on remedies proposed by the Commission.	Among other things, Microsoft is to comment on proposed remedies in its response.
Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners premiums might finally be getting relief.	Relief is in sight for Texans saddled with skyrocketing homeowners insurance premiums.
Six Democrats are vying to succeed Jacques and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.	Six Democrats and two Republicans are running for her seat and have qualified for the Feb. 3 primary ballot.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index rose 3.42 points, or 0.34 percent, to 1,007.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 1.55 points, or 0.09 percent, at 1,744.91.
Customers include Mitsubishi, Siemens, DBTel, Dell, HP, Palm, Philips, Sharp, and Sony.	MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Among the workers, the researchers found short workers had worse hearing than expected for their age.	"Short workers had worse hearing than expected by age -- three times more often than taller workers," writes Barrenas.
Until now, sales of the entertainment-oriented PCs have been limited to the United States, Canada and Korea.	The computers are currently sold in Canada, the United States, and Korea.
Ballmer has been vocal in the past warning that Linux is a threat to Microsoft.	In the memo, Ballmer reiterated the open-source threat to Microsoft.
Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha, Neb.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina (44-20) on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament.
The same survey a month ago had Street leading Katz 42 percent to 34 percent, with 21 percent undecided.	One month ago in the same poll, Katz was leading 46 to 40 percent.
But they don’t realize that until it’s too late (of course) because they’re potential victims in a horror movie.	But they don't realize that until it's too late (of course) because they're potential victims.
Arthur Benson, attorney for the case's plaintiff schoolchildren, said he will appeal.	An attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren said he plans to appeal.
Pennsylvania, which has the most aggressive treatment program, is treating 548 of 8,030 inmates.	Texas, which has more than three times Michigan's inmate population, is treating 328 of its 16,298 infected inmates.
The tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rose 20.96 points to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 months.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
Instead, prosecutors dismissed charges and Rucker left the courtroom a free man.	Instead he left the courtroom a free man after authorities dismissed criminal charges.
"This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting," said the foreman, Jim Wolfcale, a 41-year-old minister.	Jim Wolfcale, the jury foreman and a minister, said, "This case was both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting."
He arrives later this week on the first state visit by a US President.	Mr Bush arrives on Tuesday on the first state visit by an American President.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.	The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four days allotted by Bush, said Senate President Jim King.	The Senate might support capping noneconomic damages beyond the $250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush proposes, said Senate President Jim King.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.	The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
Net revenue rose to $3.99 billion from $3.85 billion during the same quarter last year.	That is up from $1.14 billion during the same quarter last year.
If it's a Bill Gates Comdex keynote, it must be time for new Tablet PCs.	If it's the Sunday night before Comdex, it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote.
According to reports, Knight allegedly punched a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub.	He was arrested last week for allegedly punching a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA.
Among those waiting a turn was Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C.	Jodie Singer, a sixth-grader from Washington, D.C., anxiously awaited her turn at the microphone.
But the cancer society said its study had been misused.	The American Cancer Society and several scientists said the study was flawed in several ways.
Both are being held in the Armstrong County Jail.	Tatar was being held without bail in Armstrong County Prison today.
A few miles further east is Tehuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.	A few miles west are the pyramids of Teotihuacan, where corn may first have been domesticated 4,000 years ago.
It estimated on Thursday it has a 51 percent market share in Europe.	Boston Scientific said it has gained 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.
These men "are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy said.	"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives."
Mr Morse is charged with assault and Mr Darvish is charged with filing a false report.	His partner Bijan Darvish is charged with filing a false police report.
The third appointment was to a new job, executive vice president and chief staff officer.	Bruce N. Hawthorne, 53, was named executive vice president and chief staff officer.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.	McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
Analysts had been expecting a net loss of 54 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Analysts had forecast second quarter sales of $614 million, according to the Thomson First Call Web site.
The district also sent letters yesterday informing parents of the situation.	Parents received letters informing them of the possible contamination yesterday.
The new servers will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris, he said.	The servers can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard Linux operating system.
It seemed like an isolated incident," said Ariel Dean of Washington D.C., who earned a degree in political science.	It seemed like an isolated incident,'' said graduate Ariel Dean of Washington, D.C.
The jury awarded TVT about $23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $108 million in punitive damages.	TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.
TVT Records sought $360 million in punitive damages and $30 million in compensatory damages, officials said.	The damages included $24 million in compensatory damages and $52 million in punitive damages for IDJ.
Unit volumes also set a record as notebooks accounted for more than 40 percent of sales.	In May 2002, LCDs accounted for only 22 percent of monitor sales.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
Stanford (51-17) and Rice (57-12) will play for the national championship tonight.	Rice (57-12) and Stanford (51-17) will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.	But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.	California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.	In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
A cost analysis is under way, said Michael Rebell, CFE's executive director.	"We're not looking for a Robin Hood remedy," said Michael Rebell, the campaign's executive director.
Dogs, he said, are second only to humans in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research.	He said that dogs are second only to humans in terms of being the subject of medical research.
Not counting energy prices, wholesale prices were down 0.9 percent.	Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.
Hong Kong was flat, Australia , Singapore and South Korea lost 0.2-0.4 percent.	Australia was flat, Singapore was down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea added 0.2 percent.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
At least 11 more cases in Indiana and three in Illinois are suspected.	There’s also at least three suspected cases in Illinois and 11 in Indiana.
Still, revenues from the extra premiums would not be huge.	How would the extra premiums be collected?
Aiken's study appears in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The findings appear in Wednesday's Journal of the American Medical Association.
A Merrill Lynch spokesman said "we are pleased with the judge's decision."	"We are very pleased with the judge's decision," Merrill said yesterday.
LURD's Ja'neh also called for an interim government and the deployment of a U.S.-led Western peacekeeping force.	The rebels are also calling for the deployment of a U.S.-led peacekeeping force.
KEDO Spokesman, Roland Tricot said: "The executive board decided to refer this question to capitals.	"The executive board decided to refer this to the capitals," the Korean Energy Development Organization said.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.	The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
Benchmark Treasury 10-year notes gained 17/32, yielding 4.015 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note was recently down 17/32, to yield 4.067 percent.
Volume was moderate at 827.68 million shares, up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday.	Volume came to 439.66 million shares, below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday.
Penn Traffic's stock closed at 36 cents per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq, up two cents.	Penn Traffic stock closed Wednesday at 36 cents, up 2 cents, or 6.2 percent, from Tuesday's close.
The family owns Cheetahs strip clubs here and in Las Vegas.	The searches were conducted simultaneously with raids on strip clubs in San Diego and Las Vegas.
The new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug costs over $5,100.	Above that, seniors would be responsible for 100 percent of drug costs until the out-of-pocket total reaches $3,600.
The defense cannot appeal Roush's ruling until after the trial.	Defense lawyers cannot appeal the ruling until after trial, in the appellate courts.
Crohn's disease causes inflammation of the intestine and symptoms include diarrhea, pain, weight loss and tiredness.	Symptoms include chronic diarrhoea, abdominal pain, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
The committee was appointed by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under orders from Congress.	The public hearing is the second for the panel created by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress.
Authorities identified the tipster as Richard Powell, who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982.	Powell is serving time in a different case -- killing his landlady in 1982.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.	Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
Former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer.	McCloskey died Sunday afternoon in his home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer.
Hospitals and the Red Cross appealed to blood donors yesterday.	The Connecticut Hospital Association joined the Red Cross Monday in calling for more blood donors.
A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bike.
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.	A man and woman are dancing in rain.
Someone is drawing.	Someone is dancing.
A man and a woman are kissing each other.	A man and a woman are talking to each other.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.
A person is peeling shrimp.	A person is preparing shrimp.
A woman is cutting broccoli.	A woman is slicing broccoli.
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing the guitar.
Two men are fistfighting in a ring.	Two men fistfight in a ring.
A small boy is playing with a dog.	A baby is playing with a dog.
The man is drawing.	A man is drawing.
A man is cutting a potato.	A woman is cutting a tomato.
A small dog laying on the bed.	A small dog is laying on a bed.
A person wipes butter on a tray.	A person is buttering a tray.
Two men are playing football.	Two men are practicing football.
The man is playing the guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.
The man is slicing a potato.	A man is slicing potato.
A boy is playing a guitar.	A kid is playing a guitar.
The man is slicing a potato.	A man is slicing potato.
A man is peeling a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.	A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.
A child is waking up.	A girl is waking up.
A boy is playing a key-board.	A little boy is playing a keyboard.
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting through an onion.
A toy train is striking a toy car.	A toy train strikes a toy car.
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the flute.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A cat is opening a drawer and climbing inside.
A woman is frying a food.	A woman is deep frying food.
A woman plays the flute.	A woman is playing the flute.
A man is dicing an onion.	A woman is cutting an onion.
A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
A girl is singing on stage.	A man is singing on stage.
A woman is riding a horse.	A woman is riding a donkey.
A girl is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is brushing some shrimp.	A woman brushes some shrimp.
A man is dancing on the ceiling.	A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.	A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
A woman thinly slices an onion with a large knife.	A woman is slicing onions with a large knife.
A man is playing a keyboard.	A man plays a keyboard.
A man plays the guitar.	A man is playing the guitar.
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman peels a potato.
A woman is handling a frog.	A man is holding a frog.
A person is peeling shrimp.	A man is peeling shrimp.
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing a piano.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a piano.
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing a guitar.
Two women are on a couch.	Two women are hugging on a couch.
Someone is slicing a cucumber.	A man is slicing a cucumber.
A kitten is playing with a blue rope toy.	A kitten is playing with a toy.
A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.	People are sweeping water out of a house.
The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at a toy.
A person folds a tortilla.	A man folds a tortilla.
A cat is drinking milk.	A kitten is drinking milk.
A person is driving a car.	A man is driving a car.
A turtle is walking.	A tortoise is walking.
A cow is eating grass.	A cow is eating hay.
A woman is chopping broccoli.	A woman is chopping garlic.
A man is crying.	A man is screaming.
A woman is putting on sun glasses.	A woman puts on sunglasses.
The man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing guitar.
A man is cutting an onion.	A man is cutting a plantain.
A man is slicing a potato.	A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is slicing a potato.	A woman is slicing carrot.
A man plays a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
Women are running.	Two women are running.
A woman is tapping her fingers on a table.	A woman is tapping her fingers.
Someone is boiling okra in a pot.	Someone is cooking okra in a pan.
A man is smoking.	A man is mixing.
The man is playing the drums.	A man is playing drums.
A man dives into a pool.	A man is diving into a pool.
A woman is cutting a leak.	A woman is slicing a leek.
A man is playing a harp.	A woman is playing a guitar.
A man dives into a pool.	A man dives into a swimming pool.
A little boy is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing guitar.
The man is smashing garlic.	A man is smashing some garlic.
A man is cutting up a potato.	A man is cutting up carrots.
A woman is dancing.	The man is dancing.
Women are talking.	The men are talking.
A girl is putting gel in her hair.	A woman is putting gel on her hair.
A kid is playing guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
A group of people are marching in place.	A group of people are dancing in concert.
A man and a woman is kissing each other.	A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.
The woman is shooting a machine gun.	The man is shooting a gun.
A man played the piano.	A man plays a piano.
A woman is slicing an onion.	Someone is slicing a onion.
A man is slicing a cucumber.	A man is cutting cucumbers.
A girl is eating a cupcake.	A woman is eating a cupcake.
A woman is cutting an onion.	A man is chopping an onion.
The man is playing a guitar.	A baby is playing a guitar.
A man is playing the guitar.	A man is playing the drums.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Two girls talk on the phone.
A man is chopping a log with an axe.	A man is chopping a tree trunk with an axe.
A woman is climbing a cliff.	A woman is climbing a rock face.
A man is slicing an onion.	A man slices an onion.
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.	A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.
A person is cutting a capsicum into pieces.	A person is slicing a garlic into pieces.
A man is talking with a woman.	A woman is walking with a dog.
The man is walking.	A man is talking.
Someone is pouring oil into a skillet.	Someone is pouring milk into a blender.
A small kitten is playing a ball.	A kitten is playing with a ball.
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing a flute.
A woman is cutting some fish.	A woman is cutting tofu.
A girl is playing a violin.	A girl is playing a flute.
Someone is playing a piano.	Someone is playing guitar.
A man is playing two pianos.	A cat is playing a piano.
A man is exercising.	A girl is exercising.
A person is slicing a scallop.	A person is slicing octopus.
A man and a woman are riding on their bicycles.	A man and woman are riding a motorcycle.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.	A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
Two men are fighting in a cow pasture.	Two men are fighting in a cattle pen.
A woman is adding oil to a pan.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A girl makes up her bed.	A young girl makes her bed.
The cat played with a watermelon.	A cat is playing with a watermelon.
A girl jumps on a car.	A girl is jumping onto a car.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.	A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
A girl is playing guitar.	A girl is playing a piano.
A man is praying.	A man is dancing.
A man is praying.	A man is running.
A car is parking.	A cat is playing.
A man is running.	A man is dancing.
A man is dancing.	A man is singing.
A man is running.	A man is singing.
A man is singing.	A man is dancing.
A man is carrying another man over his shoulder.	A man is carrying someone on his shoulder.
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
A woman is cutting a tomato.	A woman is slicing a potato.
Someone is peeling a potato.	Someone is slicing a tomato.
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
Two robots kiss.	Two robots are kissing.
Two boys on a couch are playing video games.	Two boys are playing a video game.
The man is hiking in the woods.	A man is tracking in the wood.
A woman is squeezing a lemon.	A woman is squeezing juice out of a lemon.
A man is playing piano.	A man is playing a violin.
A man is playing a flute.	A man is playing guitar.
A man is riding a bike.	A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is slicing a tomato.
A woman is slicing a carrot.	A man is slicing a tomato.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is slicing lemons.
A girl is styling her hair.	A girl is filing her nails.
A man walking down the stairs.	A man walks down a staircase.
A man is riding a horse by a creek.	A man is riding a horse.
A woman is playing the guitar.	A person is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is playing a guitar and singing.
Two people are riding a motorcycle.	Two people are riding a bike.
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is walking in the rain.	A man and woman is walking in the grand.
A kangaroo is eating.	Kangaroo eating.
A man is fishing.	A man is exercising.
A woman is swimming.	A man is singing.
A Woman is eating.	A animal is eating.
A boy and a girl is dancing in the rain.	A man and woman is dancing in the rain.
A man is driving a car.	A man drives a car.
A woman is grating onion.	A woman grates onions.
Two roosters are fighting.	Two men are fighting.
A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
A man is riding a horse.	A man is driving a car.
A man is eating a pizza.	A man is eating a food.
A man is shooting a gun.	A man is slicing a bun.
A man is picking up a tree.	A man is carrying a tree.
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is cutting meat.
The woman is slicing herbs.	The man is slicing bread.
A boy is playing the piano.	A man is playing a piano.
A baby elephant is eating.	A baby elephant eats a sapling.
A person is peeling a potato.	The man is peeling a potato.
A person is playing a piano.	A person is slicing a potato.
A woman is cracking eggs into a bowl.	A woman is cracking eggs.
A person is playing the keyboard.	A boy is playing a key-board.
A boy whacks a man with a sword.	A boy spanks a man with a plastic sword.
A person is slicing a carrot into pieces.	A person is cutting an onion into pieces.
A man sliced through a bunch of water bottles with a knife.	A man is slicing a line of water bottles with a knife
A man is playing guitar.	A man plays a guitar.
A man is writing in a book.	A man is writing on a paper.
A man is spitting.	A man is talking.
A man is playing a musical keyboard.	A man is playing a keyboard piano.
A woman is slicing a garlic.	A woman is slicing a big pepper.
A person is making a bed.	A person is eating at a table.
The man is buttering the bread.	The man is stirring the rice.
A woman is hitting a man.	A woman is taking a bath.
A man is playing keyboard.	A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing a violin.	A man is playing a harp.
Three men are dancing.	Women are dancing.
A man is speaking.	A man is dancing.
A man is dancing.	A man is speaking.
The woman is smoking.	The man is walking.
A man is dancing.	A man is thinking.
The man erased what the other man had on the board.	The man erased the work on the board.
A man is riding a motorcycle.	A man is riding a motorcycle through a town.
A man is riding a motorcycle on the highway.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
A woman is slicing up some meat.	A woman is slicing some onions.
A person is combing a cat hair.	A person is brushing a cat.
A woman cuts up broccoli.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
A man is playing a piano.	A woman is peeling a potato.
Someone is slicing a tomato.	Someone is slicing fruit.
A woman is dancing in a cage.	A woman is dancing.
A woman is swimming.	A man is spitting.
A man is running.	A man is mooing.
The man is playing the guitar.	The man played his guitar.
A cat stares into the camera.	A cat addresses the camera.
The baby is laughing and crawling.	A baby is laughing and crawling on the floor.
A man plays a trumpet.	A man is playing the trumpet.
A woman is shooting a gun.	A woman shoots a shotgun.
A man is playing the drums.	A man is playing guitar.
A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is dancing in railway station.
A woman is riding a horse.	A man rides a horse.
A woman is dancing.	A woman is exercising.
A kid is playing an instrument.	A young boy is playing a wind instrument.
Someone slices a bottle with a sword.	A man breaks a bottle with a sword.
A man is peeling a banana.	A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is cutting an apple.	A woman is cutting potato.
The man is peeling an apple.	A man peels an apple.
A boy is riding a horse.	A monkey is riding a bus.
The puppy tried to get out of the tub.	A puppy is trying to get out of a bathtub.
The man is playing the guitar.	The man is playing with a skull.
An animal is walking on the ground.	A solenodon is walking along the ground.
A band is playing on stage.	A woman is dancing on a stage.
A woman is playing a guitar and singing.	A woman is playing the guitar.
A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.	A little girl is playing the piano.
The man is eating.	A man is eating food.
a group of people dancing	A group of men are dancing.
A man plays a guitar.	A woman is playing guitar.
A little boy hits a golf ball.	The little boy swung at the golf ball.
A cat swings on a ceiling fan.	A cat is spun around by a ceiling fan.
A guy is taking off his sunglasses.	A boy is removing his sunglasses.
Someone is reading an email.	A man is reading his email.
A woman is playing the flute.	A girl is playing a flute.
The woman is dicing onions.	A woman is cutting an onion.
A monkey is brushing a bull dog.	A monkey brushes a dog.
A person is slicing onions.	Someone is slicing an onion.
A woman is slicing a onion.	A woman is cutting a potato.
A man is playing the piano.	A woman is playing a guitar.
A woman is washing her hands.	A woman is straightening her hair.
A woman fires a shotgun.	A woman is shooting a gun.
A man is eating a bowl of cereal.	The man is eating cereal.
A girl is coming up on a car.	A girl jumps on top of a car.
A woman is bathing into bath-tub.	A woman is taking a bath.
A motorcyclist crashes on his motorcycle.	A person crashes on a motorcycle.
A man is dangling a mouse near a snake.	A man is feeding a mice to a snake.
A man and a woman are walking in the woods.	A man and woman are walking through the jungle.
A person pours some rice pudding into a bowl.	The lady poured the rice pudding into a bowl.
A man stares out a window.	A man looks out the window.
A woman is firing a rifle.	A woman is cutting a lemon.
A man is eating a banana.	Someone is peeling a banana.
The men are performing on stage.	The comedic mimes performed on stage.
A cartoon woman dives into a pool.	A cartoon woman is diving off a board.
The lady put the baby int a trashcan.	A woman puts a baby in a trash can.
Someone is frying meat.	Someone is playing paino.
A man is rapidly chopping some mushrooms using a knife.	A person is quickly chopping mushrooms with a knife.
A woman is adding ingredients to a bowl.	A woman is cracking three eggs into a bowl.
A skateboarder does tricks on a half-pipe.	A man skateboards on a half pipe.
A man is speaking on a stage.	A man is speaking at a podium.
A man is playing a guitar.	A man in a hat is playing a harp.
A man is playing on his keyboard.	A man is playing a guitar.
A person is cutting a potato.	A person is slicing a shallot.
A man is playing drums.	A man is playing his guitar.
A man is dancing on the ceiling of a room.	A man is dancing upside-down on the ceiling.
Two men are dancing.	Two women are shopping.
Someone is seasoning eggs.	Someone is seasoning two raw eggs in a bowl.
A woman is peeling an onion.	The woman is slicing green onions.
A person is mixing a pot of rice.	A person is peeling a potato.
A man is swinging in a rope.	A gibbon is swinging in the trees.
Someone is slicing a onion.	Someone is carrying a fish.
A man is cutting tomatoes.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
A woman is boiling shrimp.	A woman is combing her hair.
A man cuts a potato.	A man is slicing a potato.
A man is dancing on the road.	A man is dancing.
The deer jumped over the fence.	A deer jumps over a cyclone fence.
A girl dances in the rain.	A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is writing a letter.	A woman is sitting at a desk.
A gorilla is playing the drums.	A monkey is playing drums.
A man is playing a guitar.	The girl is playing the guitar.
A woman is riding on a horse.	A woman is picking tomatoes.
A lion cub tries to climb a fence.	A lion tries to climb over a wall.
A man is talking on a cell phone.	A guy is talking into a microphone.
A man is playing a guitar.	A man is cleaning a cd.
The boy cut the grass by the curb with scissors.	A boy cuts grass with scissors.
A woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips.	A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices.
A man with glasses is talking.	A man in a library is talking.
A little girl peddling a scooter.	A girl is riding a scooter.
A woman is cutting some flowers.	A woman is cutting broccoli.
A person is walking down a stone path.	A man is walking down a sidewalk.
Someone is pouring chicken broth into a pot.	The man is pouring broth into the pot.
A man plays the keyboard with his nose.	The man is playing the piano with his nose.
A man is playing guitar.	A cat is playing.
A animal is eating.	The animal is hopping.
A man is lifting weights.	A man is lifting a barbell.
A man is running with a bus.	A man runs with a truck.
A man is climbing a rope.	A man is sitting on a rock.
A cat is playing the piano.	A cat is licking its paw.
A woman is dancing in the rain.	A woman is adding oil to a dish.
A cat cleans itself.	A cat is licking itself.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.	A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.
Men are running a race.	Racers are running down a track.
A woman opens a window.	A woman is looking out a window.
A man is cutting tomatoes into pieces.	A woman is cutting potatoes.
A man is playing a flute.	A woman is applying eye liner.
A woman is cutting potatoes.	A woman is slicing carrots.
Three men are doing same dance in the street.	Three shirtless men are dancing in the street.
A chicken is pecking at a dead mouse.	A rooster pecks at a dead mouse.
A woman is chopping an onion.	A woman is chopping garlic with a knife.
The woman is thinly slicing a cucumber.	The woman is slicing a tomato.
A person is slicing a bread pieces.	A man is slicing bread.
A woman is cutting a squash.	A woman is cutting big pepper.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.	A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is grating carrots.	A woman is coating a pork chop.
Someone is cleaning a animal.	A woman is cleaning a shrimp.
The man is playing the guitar.	The man is peeling a potato.
A man is talking on the phone.	A man is talking.
A woman is smoking.	A woman is making some food.
A man laying down and shooting a gun	A man is laying on the ground shooting a rifle.
A man is being put into an abulance.	A man is pouring pasta onto a plate.
A man is diving into a swimming pool.	A man is singing into a microphone.
A man is firing a shot gun.	A man shoots a shotgun.
The man is shaking hands with other men.	A man is shaking another mans hand.
A target is being hit with gun fire.	The target was being shot with bullets.
A man playing the guitar.	A man is playing a flute.
A man is peeling potato.	A man is playing a guitar.
The woman is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in an arena.
An airplane moves along a runway.	A plane is landing on a runway.
A woman is slipping in the water-tub.	A woman is lying in a raft.
A man is mowing a lawn.	A man is mixing.
A man is dancing.	A woman is exercising.
A woman is exercising.	A man is dancing.
A woman is peeling a potato.	A woman is hitting a man.
A man is playing piano.	A man is laying on the ground.
A woman is doing ballet.	A woman is riding on a horse.
A woman is applying makeup.	A man is playing a guitar.
A woman is cutting an onion.	A woman is rowing a boat.
A woman is slicing a big pepper.	A person is cutting a green pepper.
A woman is stirring rice in a pot.	Someone is putting rice in a pan.
A boy is playing the violin onstage.	A boy is playing an instrument.
The woman is measuring the other woman.	The lady measured the other woman's ankle.
A man puts some cheese on a pizza.	A man is sprinkling shredded cheese on a pizza.
A woman puts slabs of meat in a pan.	A man puts pieces of meat into a plastic bag.
The boy played his trumpet.	A boy is playing the trumpet.
A person is riding a horse.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is staring at a leaf.	A man is slicing a vegetable.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A woman is cutting a carrot.
A man is slicing vegetables.	A woman is slicing a potato.
A cat is playing.	A woman is playing flute.
A man is riding a bicycle.	A man is riding a bicycle around a parking lot.
A band is performing on a stage.	A band is playing and singing on a stage.
A person is picking a komodo dragon and putting it in a box.	A person is placing a baby komodo dragon into a container.
The woman is slicing fish cake.	The woman is riding a horse.
A man is eating bread.	A man is playing flute.
A woman is cooking shrimp.	A woman is dancing.
A woman is dancing.	A woman is slicing ginger.
A woman tosses a cat in the air, and the cat hangs off a rod on the ceiling.	A person throws a cat in the air and it grabs onto the ceiling.
A person drops a camera down an escelator.	A man tosses a bag down an escalator.
A big turtle is walking.	The tortoise is walking.
A man is doing exercise.	A man is firing a rifle.
A man is burning a flag.	A man is shooting a gun.
The man is pushing the van.	The woman is singing.
A man is eating wood.	A man is adding oil to car.
A dog is speaking to the camera.	A dog is eating some water melon.
A man is putting two paper towels on a paper plate.	A man is putting papers on a dish.
A man and woman are walking.	A man and woman walking hold each other.
A man is cutting a rope with a sword.	The man slced through a thick rope with a sword.
The man is singing and playing the guitar.	A man is playing a guitar.
A dog is playing with a toy.	A dog is eating a doll.
A man is cutting a paper.	A person is tearing paper.
A man is playing a piano.	A guy is peeling a potato.
A man is dancing.	A rat is running.
Two boys are talking on the phone.	A woman is talking on a telephone.
A man is playing guitar.	A woman is peeling a tuber.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A women slicing lemons.
A woman is riding a horse.	A man is running on rope.
A man is playing soccer.	A man is drawing some figures.
A woman is peeling an orange.	A man is playing a flute.
A man is bowling.	A kitten is walking.
Someone is cracking an egg open.	A man is breaking an egg.
A man is cutting a snake to cook.	A woman is cutting meat.
The man is playing the keyboards.	A man is playing guitar.
A woman is applying eye shadow.	A woman is washing a bowl.
A woman is scraping a carrot.	A man is striking clay pots.
A woman is playing the flute.	A man is playing a keyboard.
A man is riding on a horse.	A woman is riding an elephant.
A man and woman are Bollywood dancing.	A man an woman are dancing in the rain.
A woman is cutting flowers.	A man is holding huge sunflowers.
A woman is dancing near a fire.	A woman is cutting a tomatoe.
The man danced in the diner.	The bomb exploded in the desert.
A man is playing flute.	A man is dancing.
American flag is waving.	A American flag is blowing in the wind.
A lion is walking in an enclosed area.	A lion is walking around.
A tiger is walking around his cage.	A tiger walks around aimlessly.
A person pours cooking oil into a pot.	A person is pouring olive oil into a pot on the stove.
A woman is cutting potato.	A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A man is showing a bread.
A man is making a bed.	A man is speaking to an audience.
A parrot is talking.	A parrot is talking into a microphone.
A woman is playing the flute.	A woman is slicing some tuna.
A person is riding a motorcyle.	A person is chopping an onion.
A man is singing into a microphone.	A man is dancing in the rain.
A man pours rice into a pot.	A man is putting rice in a bowling pot.
The dog is barking at the toy.	A dog is barking at an electronic toy duck.
A woman is adding an egg and stirring.	A woman is mixing an egg in a bowl.
A woman covers a piece of meat with flour.	A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.
A person is slicing some garlic.	A person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife.
A white cat perched on a small wooden cabinet is looking outside the window.	A cat, perched on a table, looks out the window.
A woman is exercising.	A woman lifts weights.
A man does floor exercises.	A man is exercising.
A child runs into and out of the ocean waves.	A young boy is running toward and from the ocean waves.
A man is slicing a potatoe.	A man is peeling a banana.
A man is playing the piano.	A man is playing a wooden flute.
A guy is riding a horse.	A man is riding a horse in the desert.
Someone is playing piano.	A person is playing a keyboard piano.
The woman is putting makeup on the man.	A woman is painting the face of a man.
The woman droppped eggplant into the pan.	A woman puts chopped eggplant into a skillet.
A dog is stealing food from a refrigerator.	The dog took something out of the refrigerator.
A man plays a trumpet.	A man is playing a musical instrument.
A person uses a blowtorch on two cameras.	A person is burning cameras.
A woman is slicing a lemon.	A woman, in a kitchen, peels a lemon.
A tiger trys to climb the wall.	A lion is trying to climb up over a wall.
A man is preparing a hanging rope.	A man is tying a noose.
A woman dances on a stage.	A woman is dancing.
A woman is slicing ginger.	A woman is cutting potatoes.
Men are playing soccer.	Two teams play soccer.
The girl is riding the horse.	The girl is spraying the plants with water.
A man is putting a knife in a vice.	A man is getting into a car in a garage.
A person is frying.	A person is peeling a potato.
A man is shooting a pistol.	A woman is chopping garlic.
A woman is swinging her arms.	A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is walking outside.	A man is dancing.
A woman is cooking meat.	A man is speaking.
A man dries his hands.	A woman fixes her hair.
A soccer player is kicking the soccer ball into the goal from a long way down the field.	A soccer player kicks the ball into the goal.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.	A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
A puppy is trying to come out from the sink.	The puppy tried to get out of the tub.
A girl is playing the piano.	A little girl is playing a grand piano on stage.
A man is drawing some figures.	A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
The monkey is hanging from the trees.	The monkey swung from branch to branch.
Some children are jumping on Trampoline.	Two boy are playing on a trampoline.
A person is folding a square paper piece.	A person folds a piece of paper.
A woman with a knife is slicing a pepper.	A women slicing green pepper.
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.	A baby panda plays with a stick.
A man is adding oil to car.	A man is putting anti-freeze into a car.
The people are lifting bags.	Several people are carrying large bags.
The boy is playing the piano.	The woman is pouring oil into the pan.
A man is talking on the phone.	A man is moon-walking across a store.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.	A man is climbing a rope.
A boy played a keyboard.	A person is playing a piano keyboard.
A cat is playing with an antenna.	A boy is playing in the mud.
A woman is slicing pumpkin.	A person is slicing cantaloupe.
A woman is braiding her hair.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is cutting a potato.	A woman is climbing a rock wall.
A woman is feeding a baby.	A man is adding water to pan.
A man is playing a guitar.	A woman is riding a horse.
The people threw the dummy over the cliff edge.	Some people are throwing a dummy off a cliff.
A gun is being fired.	A potato is being peeled.
A woman is mixing eggs.	The woman is eating.
A woman is cutting a plastic sheet.	A woman is playing a guitar on streets.
A woman cuts a pineapple.	A woman is slicing a pineapple into pieces.
A woman is adding spices on a meat.	A woman adds ingredients to beef.
A person is adding oil in the pan.	The cook pouring oil into the pan.
A cook seasons some dough.	A man is seasoning some dough in a pan.
A boy is running on a beach.	Two boys are playing in the beach.
A baby monkey scratches itself.	The monkey scratched his tummy.
The man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.
A boy is riding a bike on a gate.	A woman is riding a horse.
The woman is slicing tofu.	The woman is putting on lipstick.
A man is riding on a boat.	A man is tying in the machine.
A woman is folding paper.	A woman is applying eye shadow.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.	A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger.
A man is doing a card trick.	A man is squeezing water.
A man is playing the piano.	Someone is playing guitar.
A man is lifting weights.	A man is chopping egg plant.
A man is mowing grass.	A guy is mowing the lawn.
A person is mixing water and flour.	A person is hitchhiking on a road.
The two dogs were in the pen.	The cowboy rode his horse in the desert.
A man is riding on one wheel on a motorcycle.	A person is performing tricks on a motorcycle.
A man is serving cake.	A man seasoning quail.
A cat opens a drawer and climbs inside.	A big cat opens a plastic drawer with his paws and then hops inside.
Someone is greating a carrot.	A woman is grating an orange food.
A man is opening a box using a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is kicking oots of water.	A woman is slicing a red pepper.
A man is eating.	A woman is rock climbing.
A puppy is repeatedly rolling from side to side while on its back.	A dog is rolling from side to side.
A young boy sings and plays a guitar.	A kid plays the guitar.
The woman is peeling lemon.	The man is balancing on the wire.
A man is playing the trumpet.	Someone is playing with a toad.
A man is standing on a roof top playing a violin.	A man is on a roof dancing.
A dog is looking around	A dog is watching a store counter.
A woman is slicing an onion.	A man is shown slicing a carrot with a knife.
The man drilled holes into the wood.	A man drills wood.
Someone is cutting a circle out of a pink sheet of paper.	Someone is pouring tomato sauce into a pot of meat.
A man is playing flute.	A man is petting a tied up dog.
A man is placing meat in a bag.	A man is drivong a car.
A girl is eating a cupcake.	A man is playing a trumpet.
A rabbit is sniffing and pawing a stuffed rabbit.	A live rabbit is playing with a stuffed animal bunny.
A man is buttering bread.	A woman is ridint a horse.
A monkey is karate kicking a person.	A monkey pratices martial arts.
A woman is squeezing some cucumber slices.	A woman is getting doused in green slime.
A man is taking out the insides of a green pepper.	Someone is removing the seeds from a bell pepper.
The man added vegetables to the broth in the pot.	A man is adding sliced vegetables to a cooking bowl with water.
The man ran and jumped against the wall.	A man jumps into a wall.
A man is playing a cello.	A man is rapidly lifting small weights.
The man is talking.	A man is walking down stairs.
A man tries to feed a mouse to a snake.	A man is teasing a snake with a mouse.
The man is seasoning the sausages.	The man added seasoning to water in a bowl.
A clown is singing and people are dancing.	A clown is singing.
A woman is feeding an aardvark.	A woman is chopping up garlic.
A man shappens a knife.	A man carries a women.
A person is rinsing a steak off with water.	A man is rinsing a large steak.
A boy rode his bike on top of a metal fence.	A BMX biker rides along the top of a fence.
A man is throwing knives at a tree.	A man is showing magic.
A man is playing the drums.	A woman is slicing some leaves.
A woman is brushing her feet.	A woman is chopping an onion.
A man is playing a ukulele.	A man is sitting and playing a small guitar.
Girls are walking on the stage.	Women models are walking down a catwalk.
A woman is doing weight exercises.	A woman is exercising with a barbell.
A man is peeling a potato.	A man is hiking.
A woman is in the rain.	A car is driving along the road.
A woman is hitting a man.	A man is holding a slow loris.
A woman is riding an elephant.	A man is lifting himself.
A man is lifting weights.	A woman is exercising her abs.
A person is riding a jetski in the waves.	A woman is riding a seadoo.
A woman is removing skin from some meat.	A woman is slicing a tomato.
A woman is wearing headphones.	A woman is chopping some shiso leaves.
A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.	A small child is drinking water from a cup.
A kitten is eating its food from a plate.	A kitten eats some food.
A woman is reading a lifestyle magazine.	A woman is slicing a meat into pieces.
A man is pouring chili into a bowl.	A man opens a can and pours the contents into a bowl.
A man is stirring ingredients in a bowl.	A man is beating two eggs in a bowl with a fork.
The bird ate the food in the tree from a bowl.	A bird is eating from a bowl.
A group of girls are exiting a taxi.	A video clip of Rihanna leaving a taxi.
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.	A woman breaks an egg into a pan.
A woman is seasoning a piece of meat.	A man is loading a rifle with bullets.
A woman is relaxing in a bath tub.	A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.
A woman is adding oil on fishes.	The woman is cutting potatoes.
A woman is writing something.	A woman is chopping green onions.
A man is chopping coriander leaf.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man takes a slice of pizza.	A man talks on his cell phone.
A man is placing meat inside a plastic bag.	A woman is carrying a wallaby in a bag.
A baby eats his food.	A baby is being fed peas.
A man is slicing a carrot by a machine.	A man is standing in the rain.
A rabbi is talking.	A man is walking on a rope.
A man rides a horse.	A woman rubs a baby's leg.
A man is playing guitar.	Smeone is laying down.
A man is slicing a bun.	A man is breaking pots.
A man  is driving a car.	A woman dips a shrimp in batter.
A dog is pawing at a fly in the carpet before it.	The dog played with a bug on the carpet.
A dog is barking.	A jet is flying.
A man is playing a guitar and singing on a stage.	A man is playing the electric guitar.
A monkey is walking on a bed.	A man is riding a horse.
A woman is cooking broccoli.	A man is eating his food.
A man is hitting a boy with flower vase.	A man is cutting a mat.
A boy is playing a piano.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A man is frying a tortilla.	A person is performing a card trick.
A woman serving volleyballs over a net.	One woman hands volleyballs to another woman who serves them.
The person is starting a fire.	A person makes fire.
A man is slicing cucumber with a knife.	A man is cooking a tortilla in a skillet.
A man is playing an electronic keyboard.	A band is playing instruments.
The man is mixing whipping cream.	The man is holding a skunk.
A man is playing a violin.	The baby is laughing and crawling.
A man is stirring juice.	A man is peeling an onion.
A man severs the toe of an empty leather boot using a sword.	A man is cutting a boot with a sword.
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.	Someone is cutting a piece of meat.
The person is removing the scales from the fish.	A person is descaling a fish.
People are walking in the garden.	One boy is talking with other man.
A young child rides a horse.	The little girl rode a horse.
A person is cutting garlic into pieces with a knife.	Someone is putting ingredients into a wok.
A man is folding a piece of paper.	A man is slicing a plastic container with a sword.
The man was pushed into the water.	A man pushes another man into the ocean.
A boy is upset playing video games.	Someone is playing a gameboy.
A man makes a call on a cell phone.	A man is making a phone call.
A man is speaking on a phone.	A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
A man is kicking pots of water.	A man is turning foods.
A woman is applying cosmetics to her face.	A woman is putting on makeup.
The man lifted barbells.	A man lifts weights.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.	Two couple are talking with each other.
A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.	A cat is swinging on a fan.
The cat is drinking milk.	A white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate.
A woman feeds an animal by hand.	The women are feeding the animal.
A woman is riding a horse on the beach.	A woman is washing a bowl.
A person is chopping an herb.	A man is finely chopping a green substance.
Several ferrets climb out of their cage.	Ferrets climb down from a shelf.
A woman is collecting tap water in a mug.	A boy is filling a pitcher with water.
A young woman is playing the flute.	A woman is washing off the top of a freezer.
A woman shoots a shotgun.	The woman is shooting a rifle.
A person is whisking eggs in a bowl.	A woman is beating two eggs in a bowl using a wire whisk.
A person is adding chili powder to chili with beans.	The man is adding seasoning to the beans.
A woman rapidly fires a handgun.	A woman is shooting off a gun.
A person is slicing an onion.	A solenodon is walking along the ground.
Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.	The men are jogging on the beach.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.	A man is stuffing himself full with food.
The dog could not figure out how to get a stick out the doggy door.	A dog is trying to get through his dog door.
A dog is opening a fridge.	A dog closes a refrigerator door.
A woman is mixing eggs in the bowl.	A man is doing push ups.
A boat sails along the water.	The man is playing the guitar.
A woman is holding a dancing baby up.	A woman is abusing her child.
A woman is doing a joker make up on a man.	The girl applied face makeup to a man.
The lady added cheese to the sauce.	A man pours a plate of shredded cheese into a pot of sauce.
A man is giving a lecture on a podium.	A man is delivering a lecture at an event celebrating the game of cricket.
The cat shimmied under the bed.	A cat is crawling upside down under the couch.
An okapi is eating from a tree.	A moose drinks from a sprinkler.
A woman is chopping garlic.	A woman slices a fish.
A man is cutting grass.	A masked man sings.
A man is cutting grass.	A clown is singing.
A boy runs away from his fishing line.	A boy is running in front of fish hanging on fishing rod.
Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.	A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
The man played haki sak in the office.	The man is seasoning the vegetables.
A man is carrying another man on his back.	A man is taking pictures of ant.
The lady made some slices on the shrimp.	A chef is slicing a shrimp.
A woman is pouring egg into a frying pan.	A man is petting two dogs.
A woman is frying ground meat.	A man is cutting a trunk with an axe.
Meat is dropped into a pan.	A woman is putting meat in a pan.
A woman is cutting scallions.	A woman falls on a sand castle.
A man is slam dunking a ball.	A woman is slicing some onions.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.	A girl is riding a bicycle.
A woman is brushing her feet.	The sun is rising behind trees.
A man is cleaning the windows.	A man is driving a car.
Someone is mixing a liquid.	A man is playing a guitar.
A person is stirring rice.	A woman is cracking an egg.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.	Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
A man puts a knife in a vice.	A man is dancing.
A boy plays violin on stage.	A boy is onstage playing the violin.
A woman cuts a pink loaf with a knife.	A man is playing a guitar.
A man is adding pork chops to a pan.	A woman is peeling a potato.
The men are fighting each other.	The man drew on the white paper.
A man is catching a ball.	A cat is rubbing against a baby.
A girl is reading a newspaper.	A chef is peeling a potato.
A slow loris bites a persons fingers.	A small animal is chewing on a finger.
A man is walking along a path through wilderness.	A man is peeling an onion.
The man played his guitar.	A guy is singing while playing his guitar.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.	Women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform.
Some men are skating on the road.	Two boys are skate boarding.
A man pours liquid into a pan.	The chef poured oil in the pan.
A boy is playing piano and singing.	A pig is agitating a lion.
A woman is slicing big pepper.	A man is playing an instrument.
A person is boiling noodles.	A cat is licking a bottle.
A cat and a ferret are playing.	A ferret and kitten play together.
A monkey is walking through the water.	A guy is playing a trumpet.
A woman is putting on makeup.	A band is singing.
A person is slicing some onions.	A woman is chopping herbs.
A dog is driving a car.	A guy is talking into a microphone.
The man sang on stage into the microphone.	A man in a suit is standing at a microphone and singing.
A car backs out of a space.	A car is taking reverse.
The animal with the big eyes is eating.	A slow loris is eating.
A man is holding a frog.	A man is emptying a plastic container.
A baby is crawling happily.	A cat is walking on hardwood floor.
A man is traveling in a boat.	A woman is cutting up a carrot with a knife.
The man rode his motorcycle down the highway.	A person is driving a motorcycle on a road.
A tiger club is playing with a ball.	A person is chopping shrimp with a knife.
A man reels in a fish.	A woman is pouring oil in a bowl.
A man is dicing an onion.	The man is playing the guitar.
A man performs on a stage.	A man guts a fish.
The women are sitiing down.	Two women are sitting close to each other and talking.
A woman is slicing fruit.	Two women are slicing some lemons.
A man removes a couple of toaster scrambles from a plastic packet.	A man removes food from a bag.
The flag was moving in the air.	A flag is waving.
A woman is dancing by a fire.	A man ties a noose.
A man is meditating.	The man is riding the horse.
A woman is cutting an onion.	A horse is standing.
A boy is cutting paper.	A man is loading a rifle.
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl.	A woman is stirring meat in a bowl.
The man talked on the telephone.	Girls are walking on the stage.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.	A man is opening a package containing headphones.
the soccer player kicked the ball side to side between his legs.	A person is kicking a soccer ball back and forth between his feet.
The baby laughed in his car seat.	A baby is laughing.
An animal is walking.	A woman is applying eye makeup.
A girl is applying makeup on her face.	A woman is putting on makeup.
Someone is scratching an animals belly.	A woman is stroking a lemur.
A man is lifting heavy weights.	A wallaby is licking a woman's hand.
A dog knocks a boy into the water twice.	A dog pushes a toddler into a rain puddle.
A woman puts make-up on.	A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
A boy is playing with a toy.	A boy plays a handheld game.
A man dives off of a cliff.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
A cat plays in his water.	The cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish.
The bird is taking a bath under the faucet.	A bird is bathing in a sink.
A man plays the guitar and sings.	A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A man is coming out into the water.	A man rises from a swamp.
A man and woman dance.	A man is petting a dog.
A man is sweeping the floor of a house using a long broom.	The man swept the empty living room.
A group of couples are dancing.	Men and women are dancing slowly.
A man is scaling a fish.	A man pours some cooking oil into a pot.
A person is adding food in a pan.	A man is dancing in the street.
The man set up his camera to take sunset pictures at the beach.	A man is taking pictures of a lake.
A man is smoking.	A baby is sucking on a pacifier.
Women are holding each other and dancing together.	Two men are playing table tennis.
Someone is holding and petting a baby tiger.	Someone is rinsing a large beef steak at the kitchen sink.
The man is playing the guitar.	The cat cleaned his face with his paw.
The man did pushups on a wall.	The man tased the food.
A woman cuts up a vegetable.	A woman is slicing egg plant.
A person is putting shredded cheese in a pot.	A hamster is eating some seeds.
The man is trying to feed the snake with a mouse.	A man is working on his laptop.
A person breaks an egg into a small bowl.	A man cracks an egg.
A man is playing keyboards.	A man is riding a mechanical bull.
A dog is running around a yard.	A black pet dog runs around in the garden of a house.
A child is walking down the street as a jeep pulls up.	A woman is walking along a road and a man in a motorcar pulls up beside her.
A man is erasing a chalk board.	A woman is dancing, and singing.
A man is adding oil to a pot.	A dog is catching a fish in a river.
The girl danced in front of the bonfire.	A woman is dancing to music standing near a bonfire.
The man is exercising.	A man is doing pull-ups.
A man is chopping butter into a container.	A woman is cutting shrimps.
A girl is dragged downhill by a dog.	A dog is pulling a child down a hill.
The man took off his sunglasses while talking.	A man wearing a hard hat removes his glasses as he speaks.
The two men did a funny skit with a boxer in front of a crowd of people.	Boys are dancing in front of people.
The girl is tiding up her bed.	A woman is making a bed.
Someoen is cooking onions.	A man is swinging nunchucks.
The man is using a sledghammer to break the concrete block that is on the other man.	A man breaks a slab of concrete that is lying on a prone man with a sledge hammer.
The lady put the dried noodles in the hot water to cook.	A woman places a container of noodles in a pan of water.
A tiger is playing with his trainer.	A tiger attacks a man.
The girls danced on the stage.	A girl is putting on makeup.
A panda bear is laying down.	A baby panda relaxes on some logs.
Two kids are playing in a swimming pool with a green colored crocodile float.	Two kids push an inflatable crocodile around in a pool.
A couple of policewomen are singing karaoke.	Two women are dancing.
A man is putting broccoli into water.	A person is peeling a potato.
A chimp is kicking a target.	A woman is putting oil into a skillet.
The doctor was helping the patient.	Doctors are trying to revive a man.
Some is grating onion into water.	A person grates a potato into a bowl.
A cat is playing with a watermelon on a floor.	A man is pouring oil into a pan.
A man is doing exercise.	A baby is laughing.
A cat retrieves an object out of a dish of water.	The cat tried to eat the corn on the cob.
A baby is talking.	A boy is trying to say firetruck.
The girl is carrying a baby.	A man is eating a food.
A chef is slicing carrot.	A person is drawing a picture.
A woman boils eggs.	A woman places two eggs into a pot of water.
A woman puts ingredients in a whisked egg.	A man pours gasoline.
A woman is slicing mango.	A man is putting cheese on a tortilla.
A girl is slicing a butter into two pieces.	A woman is slicing tofu.
Several swimmers jump into the water.	Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A man is playing the guitar.	A person is slicing a meat into pieces.
A man spins on a surf board.	A man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken.
A man is opening a package containing headphones.	A woman is riding a horse.
A girl is playing a guitar.	A boy is playing a key-board between the people.
A little girl plays the violin on a beach.	The girl sat on the couch to crochet.
A monkey is karate kicking at someone's gloved hand.	A monkey pratices martial arts.
A woman is adding some mushrooms and liquid to a pot.	A young man is playing the guitar.
A man is passionately playing a guitar in front of an audience.	A woman is peeling a potato.
A female applies something to he hair with her hands.	A cat is eating a slice of watermelon.
A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.	A man is riding a skateboard.
A man is karate kicking at another man wearing protective boxing gloves.	A man is kick boxing with a trainer.
Someone drew on Washington's face on the dollar.	A person draws on a dollar bill.
The girl is slicing an onion.	A woman is chopping an onion into small pieces.
A person dices up an orange pepper.	The cook is slicing bell peppers.
The man is playing the wooden flute.	A little boy is vacuuming the floor.
A young woman is playing a guitar.	A woman cuts up some meat.
The man is aiming a gun.	A boy is playing on a toy phone.
The men are playing soccer.	A man is riding a motorcycle.
Two men are dancing together.	A woman opens a closet.
A woman is running on the beach.	A dog is swimming in a pool.
A man is reading an email.	A person opening a banana.
A man is straining pasta.	A man plays a wooden flute.
Panda's play on a swing.	A man is playing guitar.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily is the definition characteristic of a tyranny.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution is the definition of a characteristic tyranny.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finance programmes of mine clearance and prevention for years.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line finances clearance programmes and of prevention since years.
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	Of those who signed the letter, 57 are senators, including 24 Republicans.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities Commons generating peaceful links between people.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap, particularly destructive.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and actions, and not just with words.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line is funding programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Vessels, without which there is the slightest, Mr Gayssot.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently engaged in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social conditions.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice within the WTO.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify such potential improvements.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ship sank, without the least storm in exist, Mr Gayssot.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is recognised that the knowledge of foreign languages is a prerequisite for mobility.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has restructured first and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> rose 6 points, or 0.41 percent, to 1,498.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European popular party.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr. President, widening is essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three important progress has been made.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships were sunk, without any storm around, Mr Gayssot.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I make an urgent appeal to the Presidency to do everything in its power to fill this role.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A policy which has been strongly capital.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who work currently out a job in social conditions.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We must welcome the fact that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured can dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to implement the precautionary principle.
on the situation in Burma	on the situation in Burma.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	These last weeks, three significant progresses were made.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the moment to be hesitant.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is however capital, did not arouse an lively interest on behalf of the public yet.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the principle of precaution.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency first restructured then dismantled the Ministry for equal opportunities.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	(ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and United European continent.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The declarations must be followed concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the products of the crime.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I urge the French Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The most urgent task, which is, however, has not yet a lively interest on the part of the public.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	It is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous session
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The House accepts the oral amendment)
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which just does not.
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The meeting, stopped with 14:06, is taken again at 3 p.m.)
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886 / 00):
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is agreed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition for mobility.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	That is not the time to take hesitant.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we decided to put this item on the agenda.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to be hesitant.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three significant progress has been made.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put into practice the precautionary principle.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice grace within the WTO.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be resolved to take this step.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and shared by the European People's Party.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	The Greek ships have sunk, without there being the slightest storm in its neck of the woods, Mr Gayssot.
The joint debate is closed.	The joint debate is closed.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government of arbitrarily its Constitution is the definition of a dictatorship.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (h 0886 / 00):
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a European continent strong and united.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the official report of the previous sitting
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 and resumed at 3 p.m.)
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mister the Police chief.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also be discussing the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore of enlargement.
It must be respected and protected' .	It must be respected and protected.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The debate must be followed by concrete actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We will speak with one voice disgracieuse within OMC.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united continent of Europe.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the first and then the inequality of opportunity.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	First of all, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification of the Treaties.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Commissioner.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take that step.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek vessels flowed, without any storm in around, Mr Gayssot.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with a single voice Language‒describes within the WTO.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line financing demining and prevention programmes for years.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The economic activities of links between the people.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between people.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is essential, has not yet been a keen interest on the part of the public.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working to obtain an undeclared employment in decent social conditions.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and unified European continent.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The report aims to identify such improvements.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	Statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the progress of the negotiations of adhesion, and thus widening.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is capital, has not yet been a lively interest on the part of the public.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful links between the people.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is gratifying that Parliament has managed to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect it.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepts the oral amendment)
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been adopted, does not reflect.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The joint economic activities create peaceful links between peoples.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right for a government to dismiss its Constitution arbitrarily is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed by specific actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(the sitting was suspended at, is resumed at 3 p.m.)
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that the knowledge of languages is a reference to the mobility.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	It is not the time to be hesitant.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made capital borrowed heavily dependent.
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be matched by action to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is nevertheless capital, has not yet aroused great interest on the part of the public.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which has made the heavily dependent on capital borrowed.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fill that gap particularly destructive.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency was first restructured then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I appeal urgently to the French Presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is to identify such potential improvements.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black would get jobs under decent social conditions.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France will be to take this step.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(The Parliament accepts the oral amendment)
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line has programmes to de-mining and prevention for years.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France has resolved to take that step.
We shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO.	We shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is allowed that the knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition with mobility.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	We should be pleased that Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a large majority in favour of greater transparency.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made them dependent on the borrowed capital.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line has programmes for mine clearance and prevention for years.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	This is the position defended by the rapporteur and by the popular Party.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which made highly dependent on capital borrowed.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those who are currently working on the black market to obtain an employment in decent social conditions.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	These weeks, three important have been achieved.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Greek ships ran, without there being the least storm in trimmings, Mr Gayssot.
This is also the position advocated by the rapporteur, and it is shared by the European People' s Party.	That is the position advocated by the rapporteur and supported by the European People's Party.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It should be delighted that the Parliament together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency.
Knowledge of foreign languages is accepted as a necessary precursor to mobility.	It is accepted that knowledge of foreign languages is a necessary precondition to mobility.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.
Mr Gayssot, Greek ships have sunk without warning, when there were no storms in the vicinity.	Ships Greeks have sunk, without that there are the slightest storm in the exist, Mr Gayssot.
People with the same business affairs in common are peacefully bound to one another.	The common economic activities create peaceful bonds between the people.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report aims to identify potential such improvements.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution about the Summit of Nice, which has just been voted, does not reflect it.
This is no time for the faint-hearted.	This is not the time to show.
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Initially, that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiations, and therefore, of enlargement.
on the situation in Burma	On the situation in Burma.
It is a matter of the utmost importance and yet has curiously attracted very little public attention.	The task, which is important, however, did not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	A development which has made heavily dependent on capital loans.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	question nº 6 of (H-0886/00):
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We have heard that the previous presidency has first restructured and then dismantled the Ministry of equal opportunities.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question 6 (H-0886 / 00):
Firstly, simplification and clarification of the Treaties.	Firstly, the simplification and clarification of the Treaties.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	Everyone who works are currently obtiendraient undeclared work in decent social conditions.
In the last three weeks, progress has been made in three major areas.	In recent weeks, three major progress has been made.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been voted, do not reflect.
There has been a budget heading for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programmes for many years now.	A budget line, programmes and of many years.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of us to give an annual assessment of the implementation of the programme.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I think it is exemplary that France is resolved to take this step.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find that France exemplary committed itself to take this step.
I think that France has set an excellent example by finally deciding to take this step.	I find exemplary that France determined itself to cross this step.
The debate is closed.	In the debate is closed.
(The sitting was suspended at 2.06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)	(The sitting was suspended at 14h06 p.m. and resumed at 3 p.m.)
Declarations must be followed by concrete steps to trace, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.	The statements must be followed up by practical actions to identify, freeze, seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.
We have heard that the previous Council Presidency first restructured and then scrapped the Ministry for Equality.	We heard that the previous presidency initially restructured then dismantled the ministry for the equal opportunity.
Thank you very much, Commissioner.	Thank you very much, Mr Commissioner.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and that is why we have decided to put this issue on the agenda.
The right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution is the defining characteristic of a tyranny.	The right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution is defining characteristic of a tyranny.
When we are faced with a potential risk, it is important to apply the precautionary principle.	When we are confronted with a potential risk, it is important to put the precautionary principle into practice.
Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):	Question No 6 by (H-0886/00):
That made them heavily dependent on loans.	An evolution which made them strongly dependent on the borrowed capital.
The debate is closed.	The debate is closed.
All those who are at present engaged in illicit work would obtain work with decent social conditions.	All those which currently work with the black would obtain an employment under decent social conditions.
. (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united European continent.	- (ES) Mr President, enlargement is essential for the construction of a strong and united Europe.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	There is urgency and therefore we decided to put this point at the order of business.
The resolution on Nice, voted today, does not reflect this.	The resolution on the Nice Summit, which has just been passed, does not reflect the.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting	Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting.
The aim of the annual review is to identify such potential improvements.	The annual report is designed to identify such potential improvements.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and that is why we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)	(Parliament accepted the oral amendment)
He saw a red rose.	He drove a rose colored car.
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	lacking in specific resources, qualities or substances;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	territory over which rule or control is exercised;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	the period during which something is functional (as between birth and death);
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee, expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is.	come to believe on the basis of emotion, intuitions, or indefinite grounds;
a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity, dependent_situation, or dependent_variable.	discipline in personal and social activities;
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers.	a concept of quantity involving zero and units;
this frame has to do with people (the residents) residing in locations, sometimes with a co-resident.	inhabit or live in; be an inhabitant of;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a request for something to be made, supplied, or served;
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant.	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug (especially marijuana)
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a group of people (often temporary) having a common purpose;
a customer requests an entity from a supplier. the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium.	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities;
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic.	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future;
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is.	having a strong physiological or chemical effect;
this frame contains words that describe an item's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable.	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount;
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality, generally a common attribute.	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole; public;
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme.	(physiology) regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc;
an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement.	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage (especially a more advanced or mature stage);
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities.	unique or specific to a person or thing or category;
this frame describes a particular instance of an event.	an instance or single occasion for some event;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a collection of things sharing a common attribute;
this frame contains items which, when manipulated, alter the funtion of some device, internal or external.	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	the condition of living or the state of being alive;
a protagonist is in the dynamic, maintained state of being alive or has exited this state.	have life, be alive;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority;
the temperature in a certain environment, determined by time and place, is specified.	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat;
an developer develops a product, in some cases for a company.	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having little impact;
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role.	serve a purpose, role, or function;
a place defined by an owner.	the land on which real estate is located;
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned;
this frame is for objects, physical or otherwise, which are used to grant access to some location or function.	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock;
an entity has the ability to contain a theme.	be used by; as of a utility;
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body.	(used of hair or skin) pale or light-colored; ;
an event takes place at a place and time.	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation;
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition.	be the winner in a contest or competition; be victorious;
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target.	having strength or power greater than average or expected;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by a nation;
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense.	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives;
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose.	put into service; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose;
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity.	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine;
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy.	(usually plural) the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy;
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a (generally implicit) judge.	very pleasing to the eye;
the words in this frame describe a period of time, as opposed to a point in time.	an indefinite period (usually marked by specific attributes or activities);
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type.	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity;
a man-made artifact, digital or physical, which is used to display information presented via the object.	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions.	the feelings expressed on a person's face;
geography as defined by its use.	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose;
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage.	immune to attack; incapable of being tampered with;
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale.	surpassing what is common or usual or expected;
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically, or administratively.	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality;
this frame contains words referring to items of food.	a particular day specified as the time something happens;
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree.	not faint or feeble;
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals. the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty.	a number of sheets (ticket or stamps etc.) bound together on one edge;
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names.	a language unit by which a person or thing is known;
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process.	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration
a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society.	make a discovery, make a new finding;
geography as defined by its use.	a place where work is done;
a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground.	come upon after searching; find the location of something that was missed or lost;
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something, or to carry out some action.	(often plural) a command given by a superior (e.g., a military or law enforcement officer) that must be obeyed;
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured, or metonymically, entity had formerly existed, in a location.	an indication that something has been present;
measure the depth of a body of water	any large deep body of water.
someone who plays a principal role	an actor who plays a principal role.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	reach or come to rest.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of choosing or selecting.
alphanumeric sequence used for identification	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification.
a state of being elevated or raised	the event of something being raised upward.
the act of lifting something	the act of climbing something.
Bind or join (as if) with cement.	shine intensely, as if with heat.
(finally) do something or be somewhere	cause something to pass or lead somewhere.
a point, as the op part of a compass arrow	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
coerce by violence, fill with terror	coerce by violence or with threats.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cease to operate or cause to cease operating.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the foremost part of something	have flavor; taste of something.
behave or move in a certain manner	behave in a certain manner.
a reproduction or physical representation of something	a visual representation of something.
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition	a specialized division of a large organization.
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position	a person who is appointed to a job or position.
Advance; contribute to the progress or growth of.	contribute to the progress or growth of.
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of cracking something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	the act of cracking something.
the act of choosing among alternatives	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	the act of breaking something.
the state of being in contact	the state of being connected.
giving a reference or citation of something	change the nature, purpose, or function of something.
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity.	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity.
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object	a surface forming part of the outside of an object.
a feeling or state of contentment, relief	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain.
place into the ground for growing	place or put on the ground.
an approximated amount of something	a visual representation of something.
stimulate sexually; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of projecting out from something.
Express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words); indicate.	express audibly; utter sounds (not necessarily words).
The state of being suspected.	the state of being excluded.
The act of providing approval and support.	the act of having and controlling property.
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn; take turns working.	relieve (someone) from work by taking a turn.
a side or surface of something	a brief experience of something.
utter in a certain way	appear in a certain way.
the act of turning, rotating an object	turning or twisting around (in place).
(Cause to) increase in extent or intensity.	increase in extent or intensity.
the legal state of owing money	the verbal act of offering.
make sense of, give meaning to	make sense of; assign a meaning to.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of hiring something or someone.
printed version of electronic data from a computer	(computer science) matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper.
Limit in quantity or quality.	limit in quality or quantity.
search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something	search (as the bottom of a body of water) for something valuable or lost.
the act of surrendering or losing something of value	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture.	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture.
Expel or eject (saliva, phlegm, sputum, or vomit) from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
the natural progression or development of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of describing something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an opinion formed by judging something.
recover, return to former state	return to a former condition.
Act without permission or with too much confidence.	take liberties or act with too much confidence.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of testing something.
become the owner or posessor of something	make a film or photograph of something.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of rejecting something.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of testing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the physical position of something.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the popular taste at a given time.
a distinctive style of clothing	an intuitive understanding of something.
cause to have an odor	cause to become alive again.
fall or cause to fall	let or cause to fall in drops.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of testing something.
keep from being seen or perceived by others	hold back; keep from being perceived by others.
the act of lifting something	the act of retaining something.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of chipping something.
smell by inhaling through the nose	perceive by inhaling through the nose.
the conclusion of a communication	the intended meaning of a communication.
(cause to) adopt a different system, value, or viewpoint	cause to adopt a new or different faith.
(cause to) become less intense or strict	cause to become violent or angry.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of losing someone or something.
narrative or account, intended as factual reporting	a short account of the news.
Engrave by means of dots.	engrave by means of dots and flicks.
the act of shoving something away	the act of raising something.
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim.
make noise like bad engine	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants.
be in direct physical contact with	be in direct physical contact with; make contact.
the quality of being dependable	the quality of being of practical use.
Arrange a programme for an individual, group, or entity.	arrange a program of or for.
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music	give an interpretation or rendition of.
the quality of being dependable	the act of dwelling in a place.
a store or supply of something	a store or supply of something (especially of food or clothing or arms).
suggest or prescribe a solution	suggest the necessity of an intervention; in medicine.
person who manages money in board games	a person who is in charge.
the act of rubbing a surface	the act of dragging (pulling with force).
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of winding or twisting.
Oppose or approach, as in hostility or competition	oppose, as in hostility or a competition.
Travel (as if) through water.	move as if through a sieve.
administer or bestow, as portions	administer or bestow, as in small portions.
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course.	to wind or move in a spiral course.
Induce into action by using one's charm; provoke to do something.	induce into action by using one's charm.
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits.
hold or embrace in a tight grip	hold in a tight grasp.
the shape of a wave in a given period of time	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time.
the foremost part of something	the lower part of anything.
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something.	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the action of putting something into operation.
be located at or on top of something	cause (someone) to undergo something.
the scent or odor of something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
(Cause to) make a dry crackling sound, possibly by mixing.	make a dry crackling sound.
fill, attach, fix with, or as if with gum	cover, fill, fix or smear with or as if with gum.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of sharing in the activities of a group.
the act of providing help or aid to someone	the act of applying paint to a surface.
a natural growth of plants, usually trees	a growth of similar plants (usually trees) in a particular area.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of cracking something.
the physical expanse of the universe	the physical position of something.
a boundary area or edge of something	a boundary marking the extremities of something.
reach a destination or goal	reach a destination; arrive by movement or progress.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
to argue or plead in favor of	argue or speak in defense of.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	cause to happen or be responsible for.
take or capture by force or authority	to put down by force or authority.
(cause to) lengthen or stretch out in space	cause to march or go at a marching pace.
the act of rending, tearing, ripping	the act of reducing the amount or number.
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles (as of an army).	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles.
(the content of) a communication.	the last section of a communication.
The act of changing course or twisting oneself.	the act of indicating or pointing out by name.
the act of pressing together firmly	the act of disturbing the mind or body.
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed.	the condition of being motivated.
move to a lower position, terminate something	lower the pitch of (musical notes).
the act of pulling a load	the act of making a proposal.
(cause to) appear suddenly or briefly	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully.
The human act of making something new.	the speech act of making something evident.
make or become more acute or intense	make ready for action or use.
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of breaking something.
the extreme endpoint of something	get the meaning of something.
Perform an action with an intent to deceive.	make a copy of with the intent to deceive.
any cause or source of great suffering	any affliction that causes great suffering.
the act of moving, turning something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact.	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached.
The state of being pleased with life.	the state of being rejected.
the height of the sea's surface	the solid part of the earth's surface.
The act of testing something.	the act of starting something.
cover with a primer base	cover with a primer; apply a primer to.
discover a logical or causal connection; associate	make a logical or causal connection.
Rewrite in a different script.	extend in a different direction.
the act of reasoning, cogitation	the act of beginning something new.
the act of giving a speech	the act of giving a false appearance.
be located at or on top of something	observe or plot the moving path of something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of breaking something.
the scent or odor of something	have a disagreement over something.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an incentive for action.
the context or setting in which something takes place	the act of cutting something into parts.
tolerate; aceept or take on as a responsibility.	give surety or assume responsibility.
move from one location to another	move from one place to another.
The act of testing something.	the act of dropping something.
Give a performative affectation to (something).	give a performance (of something).
a participant who is a beginner in some activity	any new participant in some activity.
Turn the paddle or oar.	turn the paddle; in canoeing.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the conclusion of a communication	the last section of a communication.
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something.	the relation of comprising something.
be a reason, cause, or justification of	serve as a reason or cause or justification of.
retreat or move from a position, relocate	remove from a position or office.
The human act of making something new.	the act of starting something for the first time; introducing something new.
an instance of halting some motion	the act of starting something.
(cause to) gradually become weak	cause to become widely known.
a deficiency, state of disappointment, non-achievement	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose.
The act of giving up a claim, office, or possession.	the act of giving up (a claim or office or possession etc.).
the uppermost area of region of something	exclusive control or possession of something.
take something or someone away from somewhere	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere.
energy in the form of molecular motion	money in the form of bills or coins.
a state of exposure to harm	a state of extreme poverty.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of attaching or affixing something.
The act of testing something.	the act of rejecting something.
have a strong desire to do something	have a wish or desire to know something.
take in (mentally or physically)	take (gas, light or heat) into a solution.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
pronounce with a nasal twang	pronounce with an initial sibilant.
an upward slope or incline	an upward slope or grade (as in a road).
an allotment or percentage of something	a relatively long narrow piece of something.
Shrivel, wither, or mature imperfectly, as of a flower.	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly.
Identify, establish location or identity	recognize as being; establish the identity of someone or something.
the act of shoving something away	the act of starting something.
an explanation or alibi for something	an obligation to pay or do something.
incline from a vertical position	to incline or bend from a vertical position.
Preserve in a tin or jar.	preserve in a can or tin.
behave or move in a certain manner	dress in a certain manner.
The act of testing something.	the act of raising something.
give a deceptive explanation for; cover up	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for.
The principal activity that one does to earn money.	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of drawing or hauling something.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of becoming more distant.
The act of testing something.	the act of retaining something.
12th month of the calendar year	the last (12th) month of the year.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the activity of protecting someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a company that provides public service commodities	a company that performs a public service; subject to government regulation.
get involved with or mixed up	get involved or mixed-up with.
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal	a gradual decline (in size or strength or power or number).
a fast rate or occurrence of something	a brief experience of something.
the act of lifting something	the act of chipping something.
(cause to) become even or level	make even or more even.
Declare invalid; take away the legal force of or render ineffective.	take away the legal force of or render ineffective.
Give an incentive or reason for action.	give an interpretation or rendition of.
hit or return before it touches the ground	hit before it touches the ground.
the act or means of getting rid of something.	the state of being unsure of something.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the action of putting something into operation.
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply	fix or set securely or deeply.
A storyline; the plan,scheme,or main story of a literary or dramatic work, true or fictional.	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc..
the activity of breaking or splintering something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
a retail store with merchandise for sale	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services.
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain	twist suddenly so as to sprain.
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ.
be a factor or play a role in something	the act of stopping something.
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace.
request or demand something from someone	the act of damaging something or someone.
the act of confining, preventing or blocking something	the act of forming or establishing something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	support on the back and shoulders.
oppose with equal weight or force	contrast with equal weight or force.
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality	the quality of not being useful or convenient.
the quality of being important, worthy of attention	the quality of being important and worthy of note.
attachment, restraint or shackle between physical entities	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom (especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner).
the reduction of the extent of something, e.g, its size, importance or quantity	change toward something smaller or lower.
a visual characterization of something	a chance to do something.
put in a particular place or abstract location	cause to be in an appropriate place, state, or relation.
the action of extending outwards	the trait of wasting resources.
the consequence or aftermath of something	have flavor; taste of something.
(Cause to) increase in anxiety.	cause to run in panic.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
turn on an axis; spin	cause to turn on an axis or center.
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry	set into opposition or rivalry.
the processing or operation of something	the physical position of something.
the act of pulling a load	the act of hearing attentively.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of designating or identifying something.
come upon, attack or catch someone or something unaware	the act of liberating someone or something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of dropping something.
social or economic downfall of someone or a group	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation.
the primary component of a communication	the last section of a communication.
the process of becoming less or smaller	process or result of becoming less or smaller.
the concluding section of a communication	the last section of a communication.
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding.	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading.
the act or capability of seeing	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of damaging something or someone.
give a specific interpretation to	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation.
The state of being suspected.	the state of being rejected.
The process of cultivating the land, possibly as a way of life.	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life.
a military aircraft that drops ordinance	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the act of liberating someone or something.
accept, acclimate or adapt to a context, situation	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the temperature at which a liquid boils, bubbles	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level.
The human act of making something new.	the act of cracking something.
Beat or hit (as if) with a whip.	maintain with or as if with a bet.
the act of lifting something	the act of stopping something.
rein in a horse to lose a race	rein in to keep from winning a race.
(cause to) come to rest on a surface	cause to come out in a squirt.
provide or supply with water	cover or swamp with water.
Amount that can be contained	the amount that can be contained.
contain or have a specific wording or information	have or contain a certain wording or form.
a channel of social communication	a channel for communication between groups.
Cause to be or last longer, extend in duration or space.	lengthen or extend in duration or space.
a rank or position relative to others	take or have a position relative to others.
the uppermost area of region of something	the act of dropping something.
the apparent condition or state of something	the act of losing someone or something.
burn slightly to affect color	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color.
a general trait or characteristic of something	give certain properties to something.
position in football played by a team member	(American football) a position on the line of scrimmage.
The act of arranging elements together.	the act of fastening things together.
cause a sharp or stinging pain to	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of dropping something.
incite action, cause an event	serve as the inciting cause of.
come up, as of liquid or gas	come up, as of a liquid.
(Cause to) become less tense; rest or take one's ease.	become less tense, rest, or take one's ease.
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion	adapt to a specified measurement.
anatomical shape of the body of a being, physique	alternative names for the body of a human being.
cause romantic action; lure away from proper conduct	lure or entice away from duty, principles, or proper conduct.
make up something fictional or untrue	make up something artificial or untrue.
remove to or from a place or situation	break from a meeting or gathering.
the act of lifting something	the act of ending something.
a happening or incident of human significance	a special set of circumstances.
protect with or as if with a shield	protect, hide, or conceal from danger or harm.
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.
the act of lifting something	the act of cracking something.
(cause to) move gently back and forth	cause to move back and forth.
the state of being in contact	the state of being active.
The act of testing something.	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting.
Understand the meaning of something.	get the meaning of something.
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of applying force to propel something.
change (dramatically) between high and low values	alternate dramatically between high and low values.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of designating or identifying something.
(cause to) be anxious or preoccupied	cause to be balanced or suspended.
design for a specific purpose	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect.
to combat or oppose someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
(Cause to) form a cluster in either abstract or physical space.	cause to have, in the abstract sense or physical sense.
a mental grasp or understanding of something	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
do something considered below one's diginty	do something that one considers to be below one's dignity.
(game) a division during which one is allowed to play (perhaps as offense).	(sports) a division during which one team is on the offensive.
the act of cutting off length, snipping off	the act of clipping or snipping.
a sovereign regime and its assemblage	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of raising something.
the extreme endpoint of something	the act or means of getting rid of something.
be or have a quality of being	the quality of being significant.
Improve by pruning or polishing	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of applying force to propel something.
register formally as a participant	register formally as a participant or member.
a lever that activates a firing mechanism, especially with a firearm	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun.
The act of beginning something new.	the act of ending something.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of liberating someone or something.
Cut into, possibly creating something new.	a reason for wanting something done.
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth.
come up, as of liquid or gas	take up, as of debts or payments.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be hanging or suspended.
the act of substituting one thing for another	the act of changing one thing for another thing.
The act of testing something.	a way or means to achieve something.
the act of validating the authenticity of something	the act of liberating someone or something.
amount of time that something is postponed	time during which some action is awaited.
reverse a direction, attitude or course of action, perhaps perceptually.	reverse (a direction, attitude, or course of action).
An established or recognized right, formal or informal.	an established or recognized right.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building	the occupants of a floor.
a method for solving a problem	the successful action of solving a problem.
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick	cover with flakes or as if with flakes.
an observer of a process or activity	a member of a police force.
an address used for postal communication	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with.
Spur on, urge, or deride by cheers and shouts.	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts.
spare in quality or quantity	limit in quality or quantity.
the act of shoving something away	the act of hiring something or someone.
the apparent condition or state of something	the event consisting of the start of something.
engrave, shape or cut by chipping away at the surface	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface.
something considered trite but amusing	something recalled to the mind.
the act of lifting something	the act of constructing something.
concrete enactment of an idea or concept	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept.
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism	affect with or as if with a cramp.
(Cause to) change from a solid to a liquid.	become liquid or fluid when heated.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of making up your mind about something.
a duplicate of something, serving as a backup	something additional of the same kind.
(The act of making) a measurement of something.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
react, or respond to a call, command, or stimulus	react to a stimulus or command.
club or association of people with a shared interest	a formal association of people with similar interests.
free from obligations, service or confinement	free from obligations or duties.
the degree or amount of something	the act of dropping something.
the act of arriving at a certain place	the act of putting something in a certain place.
medium of exchange minted by a government	the official currency issued by a government or national bank.
advance or set forward in court	advance or set forth in court.
make a written note of something	make a written note of.
the act of explaining or defending something	the allotment of some amount by dividing something.
a citizen of ancient Troy	a native of ancient Troy.
The act of testing something.	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of terminating a life.
The act of moving in a hurried manner.	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner.
the act of clipping, cutting	the act of describing something.
Physically raise from a lower position.	raise from a lower to a higher position.
the act of turning, rotating an object	the act of retaining something.
an increase in size as measured per unit of time	the rate of increase in size per unit time.
advance warning or notification of something	the first part or section of something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of constructing something.
Supply with water for crops, as with channels, ditches, or streams.	supply with water, as with channels or ditches or streams.
smother, surpress or lessen something	the act of testing something.
cause to be immersed in	cause to be interested or curious.
The human act of making something new.	the act of making or enacting laws.
The intended meaning of an instance of communication.	the intended meaning of a communication.
be given to, come into the possession of	come into the possession of.
utter in a certain way	react to in a certain way.
have or be covered with bristles	the state of being covered with unclean things.
the act of planning or deliberating	the act of choosing or selecting.
be located at or on top of something	make a film or photograph of something.
be in or establish communication with	move or establish in a new location.
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions.	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
be located at or on top of something	an obligation to pay or do something.
a collection of something, often a large amount	a collection of things sharing a common attribute.
whip with or as if with a whisk	urge with or as if with a goad.
dysfunction or ailment of the heart	a disease of the heart.
decorate a manuscript with red	decorate (manuscripts) with letters painted red.
the act of devoting time and energy to something	the act of liberating someone or something.
verify something by comparing to a standard	check or regulate (a scientific experiment) by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard.
Part, cease, or break association with (something).	part; cease or break association with.
put heels on a shoe	put a new heel on.
the act of preserving or protecting something	the act of raising something.
make images or sounds less sharp	make (images or sounds) sharp or sharper.
Expel or eject saliva, sputum, or an object from the mouth.	expel or eject (saliva or phlegm or sputum) from the mouth.
measure the depth of a body of water	measure the depth of (a body of water) with a sounding line.
give a detailed account of	narrate or give a detailed account of.
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of looking or seeing or observing.
have a strong desire to do something	have a strong desire or urge to do something.
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone.	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
person who is a social companion	a friend who is frequently in the company of another.
hold or place in equilibrium	hold or carry in equilibrium.
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault	the management of someone or something.
work as a tinker (fix pots and pans)	work as a tinker or tinkerer.
the act of allowing, bestowing something	the act of forming or establishing something.
the termination, ending of a meeting	the termination of a meeting.
scratch or scrape with claws or nails	attack as if with claws.
a social occasion, often official or formal	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony.
infer or believe to be the case	believe to be the case.
move in such a way as to avoid	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid.
The state of being absent.	the act of climbing something.
remove by pinching or snipping	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
(Cause to) become a powder or as dust.	cause to become widely known.
prepare, arrange; create or organize for a particular purpose	any area set aside for a particular purpose.
the act of people having sex	the act of climbing something.
to lecture formally to an audience	accuse formally of a crime.
the act of creating an artistic work	the act of creating written works.
the state of being in contact	the state of being excluded.
collect discarded, refused or damaged material	collect discarded or refused material.
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint	a business firm that publishes newspapers.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of motivating; providing incentive.
the activity of examining or assessing something	the act of examining resemblances.
Make marks in the surface of.	make small marks into the surface of.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	take up with the tongue.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of clipping or snipping.
spare in quality or quantity	be equal to in quality or ability.
return to in thought or speech	return in thought or speech to something.
The act of testing something.	the act of climbing something.
manner of handling, managing someone or something	the management of someone or something.
the act of selecting or picking something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
LAY OFF--put an end to a state or activity	put an end to a state or an activity.
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position.
Shine intensely; emit a steady, even light from a source.	emit a steady even light without flames.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of starting something.
reach or cause to reach the highest point, best something	an act (or failure to act) that disappoints someone.
a type of military aircraft	a unit of military aircraft.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the state of taking in or encircling.
a person who plants or detonates explosives	a person who plants bombs.
make fit for a specific purpose	suit to a special purpose.
strike with horror, surprise, disgust	strike with horror or terror.
have the same value, be or become equivalent to something else	establish something as being earlier relative to something else.
A state of confusion or disorder.	throw into great confusion or disorder.
a public enclosure for animals, as dogs	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs.
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another, enabling international transactions	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another; enables international transactions to take place.
the natural progression or development of something	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something.
the act of pulling an object	the act of choosing or selecting.
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading.	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors.
The act of purchasing back something previously sold.	the act of retaining something.
Cook in cream or using cream.	add cream to one's coffee, for example.
a negative or undesirable aspect of something	consider as part of something.
gear or develop something to a particular purpose	suit to a special purpose.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of losing someone or something.
a state of being encircled	the state of being depleted.
read or conform to the metrical pattern of	conform to a metrical pattern.
a major branch of a tree	a small thin branch of a tree.
the act of lifting something	the act of starting something.
(Cause to) become a fluid, as when heated.	make (a solid substance) liquid, as by heating.
form schemes in an underhand manner	form intrigues (for) in an underhand manner.
identify or pick out someone or something	the act of forcing out someone or something.
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed.
Move as if unable to control one's manner or direction of movement.	walk as if unable to control one's movements.
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary	something (as property) held by one party (the trustee) for the benefit of another (the beneficiary).
make fit for a specific purpose	provide with (something) usually for a specific purpose.
the act of lifting something	the act of winding or twisting.
cause to move, cause to be moved	cause to lean to the side.
an indication of something, evidence	an indication of some hidden activity.
The state of being absent.	the state of being suspected.
(cause to) break up or cease to function	stop functioning or cohering as a unit.
the selection of a lottery winner	the last section of a communication.
being in a protected state or condition	be in some specified state or condition.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of escaping physically.
build, make by combining materials or parts	make by combining materials and parts.
Create a coating for something.	give a performance (of something).
Create a coating for something.	the act of projecting out from something.
restrict or limit the range of	limit the range or extent of.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of dropping something.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of hiring something or someone.
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position	the justification for some act or belief.
presentation of a musical theme	(music) the presentation of a musical theme.
cause or permit to fall to the ground	let or cause to fall in drops.
move or sway in a sinuous fashion	to move or cause to move in a sinuous, spiral, or circular course.
sell or transport an item or idea abroad	cause to spread in another part of the world.
the act of taking an offer	the act of making a proposal.
a group of people appointed to a committee	a committee appointed to judge a competition.
intuitions, a hunch or feeling	maintain (a theory, thoughts, or feelings).
situate, position, come to rest	settle into a position, usually on a surface or ground.
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping; tend by cutting.	sever or remove by pinching or snipping.
the act of lifting something	the act of damaging something or someone.
Place limits on; form the boundary of or be contiguous to.	form the boundary of; be contiguous to.
the value of a currency's conversion to another currency	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another.
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles.
the act of lifting something	the act of testing something.
the act of escaping, fleeing	the act of retaining something.
people who are impoverished, without basic possessions	two people who are married to each other.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	give certain properties to something.
the act of explaining or defending something	the activity of supplying or providing something.
the act of lifting something	the act of raising something.
confine in or as if in a prison	enclose in or as if in a frame.
Make a copy with the intent to deceive.	make believe with the intent to deceive.
the act of sorting things into categories	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type.
Fly in or on a glider plane	fly in or as if in a glider plane.
the act of choosing or selecting	the act of testing something.
open to members of all races and ethnic groups	open (a place) to members of all races and ethnic groups.
Go after with the intent to follow or catch.	go after with the intent to catch.
the center region of an object	the center of an object.
an approximated amount of something	an appraisal of the value of something.
cover completely; form a cover over; expand over.	form a carpet-like cover (over).
room where work or repairs are done	room where work is done.
the act of shoving something away	the act of testing something.
take possession of by legal authority (for security).	take temporary possession of as a security, by legal authority.
hand over or put in	refer for judgment or consideration.
cause to turn from one course or use to another	send from one person or place to another.
the act of pulling a load	the act of dwelling in a place.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of projecting out from something.
The act of talking about the features of something.	the act of projecting out from something.
turn from an upright/normal position	cause to overturn from an upright or normal position.
the act of lifting something	the act of dropping something.
the identification or the realization of something	the end or completion of something.
the act of concealing or disguising	the act of projecting out from something.
A document granting a right or privilege, as to an inventor.	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention.
the central area of an object	the center of an object.
the act of lifting something	the act of colliding with something.
the act of lifting something	the act of decreasing or reducing something.
the act of putting a preparation on something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste, perceptible by an experiencer.	have a distinctive or characteristic taste.
Be a sign or indication of; have as a meaning.	be a sign or indication of.
the general impression or appearance of something	the general outward appearance of something.
know, realize, and comprehend the meaning	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of.
Make or create something for a specific function.	make something, usually for a specific function.
get rid of as if with water (metaphorical)	get rid of as if by submerging.
the act of acknowledging the truth of something	the act of choosing or selecting.
change or conform to fit new or different conditions	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions.
the act of providing incentive to someone	the act of troubling or annoying someone.
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal.
support, sustain, bear, or be responsible for	organize or be responsible for.
strive against another or others to attain a goal	compete for something; engage in a contest; measure oneself against others.
The act of testing something.	the act of cracking something.
Gather or remove (from a location) for use.	remove from a position or office.
the act of directing attention, resources to something	the act of colliding with something.
Ride on someone's shoulders or back; support on the back or shoulders.	ride on someone's shoulders or back.
the act of combining, blending, integrating	the act of mixing together.
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides	a solid piece of something (usually having flat rectangular sides).
the translation of an opus from one language to another	the act of moving from one place to another.
the act of annoying someone or something	the act of admitting someone to enter.
Write differently or alter a piece or writing, perhaps to suit a different purpose.	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose.
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience	an entertainer who attracts large audiences.
Dispose of something as useless and old; physically tear apart.	dispose of (something useless or old).
The state of being absent.	the state of being excommunicated.
rise to surface; become visible or known	appear or become visible; make a showing.
overcome with astonishment or disbelief	correct by punishment or discipline.
lessen in force or effect, restrain, weaken	lessen in force or effect.
the act of intentionally omitting something	the act of climbing something.
the act of advocating or promoting something	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something.
a list of items to be consulted and marked off	a list of items (names or tasks etc.) to be checked or consulted.
The act of testing something.	the act of stopping something.
the act of damaging something, causing breakage	the act of damaging something or someone.
put in a particular place or abstract location	put into a certain place or abstract location.
the act of perceiving a scent	the act of perceiving the odor of something.
the act of providing assistance, giving aid	the act of administering medication.
lessen in force, impact, or effect	lessen in force or effect.
cover with wooden boards; secure	get on board of (trains, buses, ships, aircraft, etc.).
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of removing or getting rid of something.
a lid or top of a container	covering for a hole (especially a hole in the top of a container).
(cause to) separate or move in different directions	to cause to separate and go in different directions.
cause to vibrate in a different pattern	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern.
The act of dividing or disconnecting.	the act of adding one thing to another.
decide upon or fix definitely/specify	decide upon or fix definitely.
provide a seat or base for	provide a feast or banquet for.
the act of explaining or defending something	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something.
an observer of a process or activity	a meeting devoted to a particular activity.
make keen; give (new) life or energy to	give new life or energy to.
Drug lord captured by marines in Mexico	Suspected drug lord known as ‘El Taliban’ held in Mexico
SC dismisses govt's review plea in Vodafone tax case	SC dismisses govt's review petition on Vodafone tax verdict
Explosion hits oil pipeline in Syria's Homs	Explosion hits pipeline as Assad attacks cities
NATO Soldier Killed In Afghan Attack	NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan
Castro celebrates 86th birthday Monday	Fidel Castro celebrates 86th birthday
Israel ex-spy warns against 'messianic' Iran war	Israeli ex-spy boss: no trust in leadership over Iran – video
Eye Opener: Supreme Court rules on Arizona immigration law	U.S. Supreme Court issues split ruling on Arizona immigration law
NATO traces path out of Afghanistan	NATO Leaders Commit to Afghanistan Transition
Syria says suicide bomber kills 10 in Damascus	Damascus 'suicide bombing' kills 10
Sachin Tendulkar says I'm not God, I'm Sachin	Sachin Tendulkar scores cricket's first 100th century
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast	Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Australian PM Gillard set to win leadership challenge	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Obama backs Philippines over South China Sea	Obama says clear rules needed to calm South China Sea
Teenager in China kills 8, wounds 5 in knife attack	Teenager kills 8 in knife attack
Syrian rebels move command from Turkey to Syria	Free Syrian Army moves headquarters from Turkey to Syria
Knesset speaker: Obama reelection bad for Israel	7 states sue over Obama administration's birth control rule
Netanyahu set to call early vote	Israel's Netanyahu set to call early vote
Greece bond exchange the largest debt restructuring in history	Greece secures biggest debt deal in history
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Polls open in Russian presidential election
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church	Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
Indian finance minister quits to run for president	Julian Assange Plans to Run for Australian Senate
Jerry Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial	Sandusky found guilty in child sex abuse trial
Three Tibetans self-immolate in western China: report	7 Tibetans self-immolate in China
White House in damage control over Obama Supreme Court remarks	Fact check: Obama's Supreme Court remarks
Annan warns talks of Syria risks	Putin, Annan meet on Syria crisis
Quartet calls on Israelis, Palestinians to end irritants	Occupation to confiscate 30 dunums of Palestinian land in Deir Estia
Saudis to permit women to compete in Olympics	Saudi Women Allowed To Compete At Olympics
Nigeria university mass attacked by gunmen	Nigeria: University Bombed in North
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist	U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official
China's Cabinet promises to boost economy	China's Wen promises job creation
Annan, UN chief call on Security Council to act on Syria	Russia, China veto UN Security Council resolution on Syria
Green Lantern to be reintroduced as gay by DC Comics	Green Lantern to be relaunched as gay superhero
Military plane crashes in south France: authorities	Military plane crashes in southeastern Turkey, 1 dead
Tropical Storm Isaac boosts jobless claims	Tropical Storm Joyce forms, stays in open Atlantic
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries
Freddie Starr Arrested In Savile Abuse Probe	Third man arrested in Savile sex abuse probe
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney names Ryan as running mate
Stocks rise early after Greek deal, then flatten	Stocks edge higher after Greek debt deal
Suicide bombing rocks elite Yemen military camp	Suicide bombers attack Yemen military posts
NATO: 2 International Troops Killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO troops killed in one day in Afghanistan
Moscow protesters demand Vladimir Putin's resignation	Moscow protest against Vladimir Putin smaller and quieter
Saudi gas truck blast kills at least 22	Nigeria church blast kills at least 12
French election turnout higher than expected	French presidential election: first round - live updates
Australia to establish the world's largest marine reserve	Australia creates world's largest marine reserves
Two U.S. soldiers shot, killed by Afghan soldier	Two British soldiers killed by Afghan policeman
Italy soldiers die in Afghanistan	Two UK Soldiers Killed In Afghanistan
Abbas to lead Palestinian unity government	Abbas proposed as PM in interim unity government
Egypt’s Coptic Church Names New Pope	Egypt's Coptic Church Prepares to Choose Pope
Malawi Officially Confirms President's Death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Mali's Tuareg rebels declare independence	Mali rebels declare independent 'Azawad'
Lance Armstrong stripped of Tour de France titles	Lance Armstrong plots strategy after loss of titles
Egypt votes on final day of presidential election	Polls open in France for presidential election
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government	The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
Is Madeleine McCann Still Alive?	Reopen Madeleine case, police urge
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks	16 killed in north Iraq attacks
Aussie surfers find stricken asylum seekers	Mayday: fears for asylum seekers
ISAF: 4 coalition troops killed in attack involving Afghan police	NATO says four troops killed in "insider" attack in Afghan south
Coty launches $10 billion bid for rival Avon	Coty bids $10 billion for Avon
UN Security Council unanimous vote on Syria	UN Security Council to vote on up to 300 Syria monitors
Gunman kills 6 in shooting at Wisconsin Sikh temple	Gunman kills six in shooting at Sikh temple in Wisconsin
Audi to buy motorcycle maker Ducati	Probe into motor insurance market
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall	Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
China news agency: Still hope for Syria peace	China state news agency: There's still hope for Syria peace
22 dead in suicide attack on Yemen police academy	AU forces intensify attack on Somali rebels
South Korea Orders Immediate Shutdown of 2 Nuclear Reactors	South Korea to boost nuclear power?
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash	Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
US, allies to set demands for Iran nuclear talks	'Iran won't accept pre-conditions to nuclear talks'
AOL says to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1.0 bn	AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1 billion
Thousands of troops to march for Jubilee	Thousands flock to Amsterdam for Queen's Day
Middle East: Israel: Hamas Leader Convicted	Middle East: Iraq: 17 Prisoners Escape in Kirkuk
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	US Navy Jet Crashes into Apartment Block
Woman dies after abortion refusal	Woman dies after cliff collapses in Dorset
Greece votes in crucial election	Greece looks set for repeat election
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	U.S. and Turkey Tighten Coordination on Syria
Death toll rises to 236 after Brazzaville blasts	Rep. of Congo: 236 Dead After Arms Depot Blasts
I'll Have Another retired to stud	I'll Have Another wins Preakness
Syria journalists rescue bid fails	Journalists smuggled out of Homs
New sex claim hits Secret Service	New rules for US Secret Service
Iran warns Moscow nuclear talks could stall	Iranians “confess” to nuclear scientist murders
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Egypt's President
Rimsha Masih released on bail	Mandela released from hospital
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	180 killed in Iran earthquake
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers	Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
Gains in financial stocks push up European equities	British Christians take complaints to European court
Turkey Raises Alarm Over Syrian Refugees	Turkey seeks to relocate some Syrian refugees
1 person killed in sectarian clashes in Lebanon	Nine killed in Syrian-linked clashes in Lebanon
Suspected al-Qaeda financier arrested in France	Three al Qaeda suspects arrested in Spain
No damage, tsunami after 6.6 quake hits off Indonesia's Sumatra	5.9 quake hits Indonesia s Sumatra: USGS
IAF strike Gaza terror hubs	IAF strikes Gaza terror cell; 1 dead
Israeli air strikes kill 16 in Gaza	Israel air strikes kill 4 in Gaza; death toll now at 38
18 killed, 108 wounded in wave of bombings in Iraq	9 killed, 31 wounded in car bombs in Iraq's Kirkuk
Palestinian prisoner ending hunger strike after deal	Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Hezbollah confirms it sent drone downed over Israel	Hezbollah says it sent drone over Israel
Rebel fighters 'capture' Syrian soldiers	Free Syrian Army captures Syrian officers
Colorado shooting suspect was under psychiatrist's care	Doctor treating Aurora shooting suspect had medical reprimand
6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: USGS	6.6 quake rocks Indonesia's Papua: US Geological Survey
US senators penalize Pakistan for jailing doctor who aided CIA	US decries Pakistan doctor's fate
New Jersey School Bans Hugging	US school bans hugging
Iran (Islamic Republic of): Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227	Iran steps up relief efforts after quakes kill 227
Tsunami warning issued for southern Alaska	Tsunami warning after Canada quake
'No Evidence' In Afghanistan Massacre Case	US toll in Afghanistan hits 2,000
Cash-rich Apple to pay dividend, buy back shares	Apple to pay $2.65/share dividend, buy back $10B stock
7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey	3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Australian unemployment up to 5.1 percent	French unemployment rate rises to 10 percent
Shares Move Higher on Wall Street	Sandy strengthens as nears coast; Wall Street shut
Halliburton 1Q income rises 23 pct	Halliburton Q1 profits rise on strong North America sales
Syrian envoy to Cyprus defects to Qatar	Syria deploys more troops despite peace deal
4 killed in shrine bombing in northwest Pakistan	12 killed in U.S. drone strike in NW Pakistan
China stocks close mixed Friday	China stocks open lower Friday
India bans bulk texts after riots	Tunisia lifts curfew after riots
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors shot at on way to Syrian massacre site
Yorkshire soldier killed in Afghan bomb blast	Soldier killed in Afghanistan blast
Radical Islamists in Mali enlist new militia	Local Militia Bolsters Islamist Militants in Mali
Olympics Opening Ceremony A Hit Around Globe	Opening ceremony gives Olympics a rocking start
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat	Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
Man killed in French terror raid	Man dies in French 'anti-terror operation'
Dali painting stolen from gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery
Capello quits as England manager	Capello resigns as England manager
One dead in Ohio school shooting	1 dead, 4 wounded in Ohio school shooting
2 Palestinians killed in Israeli airstrikes	Four Palestinians killed in IAF strike
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes	Pakistan convoy heads to protest US drone strikes
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy gains speed, batters US east coast
Sarkozy to File Complaint in Gadhafi Funding Claim	Sarkozy to sue after Gaddafi cash claim bursts into campaign
The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012	The Note's Must-Reads for Wednesday, May 30, 2012
'Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes'	Senior cleric: Iran will attack Tel Aviv if Israel strikes
Annan urges end to Syria violence, minister defects	Annan urges end to Syrian violence
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Supreme Court possibilities if Romney wins election
Pena Nieto wins Mexico presidential vote: exit polls	Poll: Putin to win Russia presidential vote
Syria tells Russia some troops have pulled out of Homs	Syria says troops have begun pullout – video
Nigeria plane crash: No survivors	4 Chinese among Nigeria plane crash victims
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc	CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%
Explosion at Venezuela Refinery Kills at Least 39	Venezuela mourns oil refinery blast deaths
Strong earthquake hits Mexico	Strong earthquake strikes near Acapulco
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings	Russia, China in double veto of UN Syria resolution
Colorado shooting suspect was in therapy	Lawyers: Colo. shooting suspect is mentally ill
Suicide bomber kills 4 near NATO's Afghan HQ	Suicide bomber kills 23 at Afghan wedding
Pakistani plane crashes with 127 on board	Pakistani Plane Crashes With 130 People On Board
UN security council orders global sanctions against Haqqani network in Afghanistan	UN orders global sanctions against Haqqani network
Erdogan and Putin talked in raised voice	Foreign militants killed in Somalia in strike on car
Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants with al-Qaeda links	Saudi Arabia arrests suspected militants, state media reports
Hurricane Sandy Closes in on US East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Chicago teachers strike: Vacations for students, for good or ill	Chicago teacher strike poses test for unions
Panetta says Afghanistan role to shift from combat in 2013	Panetta: Afghanistan Tops NATO Conference Topics
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot	Four men admit London bombs plot
PM in Tehran, asks NAM to take clear stand on Syria	Manmohan in Tehran, asks NAM to take a stand on Syria
Israel threatens action against Gaza aid ship	Israel attacks in Gaza Strip after rocket fire
Bodies Found at Russian Jet Crash in Indonesia	12 bodies found at Russian jet crash in Indonesia
Senators can return to playoffs with victory	Messi scores 4 to send Guardiola off with victory
Syria urges refugees to return	Syria's tenuous truce takes hold
US soldier kills up to 16 civilians in Afghanistan	US soldier kills up to 16 Afghan civilians in shooting spree
Rupert Murdoch: I was the victim of a cover up	Rupert Murdoch set for second day of grilling
Barack Obama's bodyguards sent back to US after prostitution scandal	Barclays boss falls to rate fixing scandal
China's yuan rises to new high against USD Wednesday	China's yuan advances to 6.3103 against USD Wednesday
South Africa train crash kills at least 19	South Africa train crash kills 26
Nissan to sell steer-by-wire cars	Nissan to offer steer-by-wire systems in some Infiniti cars
Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in protest against Chinese rule	Teenage Tibetan monk dies after setting himself on fire in China
Mumbai is 2nd costliest Indian city to live in	Tech capital Bangalore costliest Indian city to live in: Survey
Man, 19, quizzed over teen murder	Man quizzed over Megan-Leigh murder
Israel kills Hamas commander, bombs Gaza targets	Israel airstrikes kill Hamas commander, 5 others
Civilians Bear Brunt of Afghan Attacks	Taliban launch coordinated Afghan attacks
Gusmao consolidates power in East Timor elections	Gusmao powers on in East Timor
UN monitors yet to reach site of Syrian 'massacre' – video	UN monitors unable to reach site of Syria killings
Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria endorsing	Russia, China veto U.N. draft backing Arab plan for Syria (Reuters)
NATO Condemns Syria's Downing of Turkish Military Jet	NATO strongly condemns Syria's downing of Turkish jet
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb	Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
Syria rebels attack Lebanese post near border: army	Turkish army stages tank exercises near Syria border
Five killed in China building collapse	At least 20 killed in Syria Saturday
Syrian forces launch new attacks	Syria forces launch Aleppo attack
Syrians trade blame over blasts	Israel braces for Arab protests
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries	Gazans fire 89 rockets; cabinet approves reserve call-up
Former Nazi death camp guard Demjanjuk dead at 91	John Demjanjuk, convicted Nazi death camp guard, dies aged 91
Boris Johnson re-elected London mayor	Johnson re-elected London mayor
Breivik drops far-right salute in court	Breivik gets 21-year sentence
Second teenager charged with murder	Brother of EastEnders actress Gemma McCluskie is charged with her murder
French Fear New Serial Killer After Murders	Jersey Murder Trial: Killer 'Hearing Voices'
US: Madoff brother to plead guilty in NY in fraud	Madoff's brother to plead guilty to fraud
Hollande defeats Sarkozy in French presidency vote	Polls open across France in presidential election
Libyan government retakes Tripoli airport	Libyan militia takes control of Tripoli airport
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on cost of election unrest
Arkansas Supreme Court strikes down execution law	Arkansas Justices Strike Down Death Penalty
S. Africa's former president Mandela discharged from hospital	Mandela Discharged From Hospital
UN envoy in Turkey for talks on Syria	NZ to increase exports to China
Islamist Morsi Wins Egypt's Presidential Election	Al-Shater to run in presidential election in Egypt
Donna Summer, the queen of disco	Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, Dies at 63
Bangladesh Muslims torch Buddhist shrines, police say	Muslims torch Buddhist temples
U.S. Drone Kills Five Militants in Pakistan	Six Police Officers Killed in Attacks in Dagestan
Mali future interim president readies to take office	Pope rips into dissident priests on celibacy
9 killed, 168 injured in latest Cairo clashes	10 killed, 12 injured in E. Afghan airport suicide blast
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks	Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named	British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
Romney wins Maine Republican caucuses	Romney, in comeback, has narrow Maine caucus win
Court in Bahrain rejects medics' last rally appeal	Bahrain rejects activists' appeal
Hurricane Sandy powers toward Eastern Seaboard	Hurricane Sandy moves towards US
Clinton calls for friends of Syria to unite	Plastic artist calls for greater support for new talents
JK Rowling launches her first adult novel	Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Algerian government parties dominate elections	Algerian national turnout of parliamentary vote reaches 44.38 pct
Security official killed in Yemen	Security personnel killed in Pakistan raid
US stocks fall as Greek talks lumber; Apple falls	US stocks slip on Wall Street as Greek talks drag on
Romney picks Ryan as vice presidential running mate: source	Romney to tap Ryan as vice presidential running mate
NATO sticks to transition roadmap in Afghanistan: Rasmussen	NATO helicopter makes hard landing in E. Afghanistan
Mubarak faces verdict in murder trial	Mubarak's sons face new charges of insider trading
No blocks to investment	India allows Pakistan investment
Blast kills 11 in northwestern Pakistan	Bomb Kills 19 In Northwest Pakistan
5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghan Blast
Nadal tumbles into French Open final	Nadal through to seventh French Open final
Russian TV reports foiled attempt on Putin	Russia, Ukraine foiled plot to kill Putin, report says
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin wins disputed Russian presidential election
Israeli Leader Puts Off Evicting Settlers From Hebron House	Israeli army orders settlers out of Hebron house
Government promises action on Heathrow queues	Finance minister promises no new taxes
Remains of 167 bodies found in Mexican cave	Remains of 167 people found in Mexico cave
orphaned alps massacre girl returns to uk	Alps attack: Girl returns to UK
Obama team raises debate stakes	Obama takes offensive against Romney in debate
Two Kenyan ministers among 6 killed in plane crash	Poland honors president killed in 2010 plane crash
Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks	U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
Thousands gather for new Russian anti-Putin rally	Thousands gather in Moscow for rival rallies
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests	Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
Google names new Motorola Mobility CEO	Google appoints Dennis Woodside to run Motorola Mobility
Massive Hurricane Sandy bears down on U.S. East Coast	Hurricane Sandy takes aim at US East Coast
Egyptian president moves into Mubarak's old office	Egypt's President-Elect Morsi Starts to Form Government
Another rocket hits Eshkol; no injuries	2 rockets hit Eshkol; none injured
Japan falls silent to mark 311 tragedy	Japan thanks Taiwan for quake aid
Thousands more Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight	8,000 Syrian refugees flee to Turkey overnight
Assange appeals extradition to UK's top court	Assange to appeal extradition to UK's top court
Strong quake jolts most parts of Pakistan	Strong quake hits eastern Indonesia
Lebanese Gunmen Clash Over Syria Crisis	Syrians hold solution to Syria crisis
Syrian troops kill 35 in Damascus suburb	Activists: Syrian troops kill dozens near Damascus
Mob kills man for burning Quran	Pakistani Mob Kills Man 'for Burning Koran'
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan: officials
Salvador Dali painting snatched from New York gallery	Salvador Dali painting snatched in NYC
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Will Putin's Election Victory in Russia Be Greeted with Protests?
Sarkozy announces re-election bid	France's Nicolas Sarkozy makes his reelection bid official
US, UK in pact to release emergency oil stocks	US, UK Set to Agree Emergency Oil Stocks Release
Suspicious object found in Tel Aviv not explosive device	Police treat suspicious object at Tel Aviv bus station
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment at record high in June
French Socialist Party wins parliament victory	French Socialists win absolute parliament majority
Salafi Islamists, police clash in Tunis - witnesses	Second Islamist hunger striker dies in a Tunisian prison
Strauss-Kahn investigated in French prostitution ring	Dominique Strauss-Kahn faces questions over French prostitution ring
Romney wins Florida Republican primary	Romney eyes US Republican primary endgame
US drone strike kills four in North Waziristan	Suspected drone strike kills 4 in Pakistan
At least 15 killed in Nigeria church attack	At least 12 killed in Nigeria church bombing
2 Traffic Accidents Leave 47 Dead in China	3 traffic accidents leave 56 dead in China
Head of CIA resigns over affair	Hall of Fame beckons for Capriati
France's Strauss-Kahn charged with involvement in prostitution vice ring	Strauss-Kahn charged in prostitution vice ring
Sony reports record annual loss	Sony forecasts record annual loss of $6.4bn
12 killed in Gaza in Israeli airstrikes	Ictu, Ibec in move on airline strike
9 killed in attacks after deadly Iraq day	19 Killed in Iraq Attacks ahead of Ramadan End
Barclays hit by fresh U.S. investigations	Barclays hit by fresh US probe
US closes embassy in Syria (AP)	Closed roads in Armenia
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK	Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs
EU heaps new sanctions on Syria	EU imposes new sanctions on Syrian regime
US drone strike kills 8 militants	US drone strike kills four in NWA: officials
Russians rally against Putin's rule	Tens of thousands rally against Putin's rule (AP)
Bahrain Grand Prix Underway Amid Protests	Bahrain race goes ahead amid unrest
China stocks open flat Monday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Sheryl Crow says has benign brain tumor	Sheryl Crow Has a Benign Brain Tumor
Obama endorses same-sex marriage	Obama's delicate dance on same-sex marriage
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials	Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
Afghan parliament approves U.S.-Afghan security pact	Afghan parliament approves U.S. partnership
Two German tourists, two pilots killed in Kenya air crash	Senator Reid involved in Las Vegas car crash: CNN
Israeli, Palestinian negotiators quietly meet	Israeli, Palestinian negotiators meet in Jordan
US astronaut Neil Armstrong dead at 82	US astronaut Neil Armstrong dies
Amnesty: Syria rebels also committing abuses	Amnesty investigator: Syria rebels also committing abuses
Mitt Romney wins Republican primary in Indiana	Romney wins Florida Republican primary
East German rights activist Gauck elected president	Joachim Gauck elected as German president
South Africa starts investigating mine violence	South Africa hosts 'peace talks' in mine standoff
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think	Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed
3 dead, 27 injured in SW China accident	35 dead and 165 missing in India boat accident
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency	Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency
Santorum Romping To Minnesota Victory	Santorum wins Kansas caucuses
Jordan Opens First Tent Camp for Syrian Refugees	Jordan Opens First Refugee Camp for Syrians
Space legend Neil Armstrong dies	First man on moon Neil Armstrong dies at 82
U.S. and Turkey weigh no-fly zones for Syria	Turkey, US weigh no-fly zones for Syria
Man arrested over double murder	WA man arrested in police drug raid
Florida counties extend early voting	Fla. Democrats want extended early voting hours
Warship sets sail for Falklands	British Warship Sets Sail for Falklands
Newcastle 2-0 Liverpool: Match report, pictures & video highlights	QPR 1-2 West Ham: Match report, pictures & video highlights
Palestinian prisoners to end hunger strike	Progress reported in Palestinian prisoner hunger strike talks
Police: Four killed in German hostage taking incident	Palestinians: 12 killed in IDF strike in northern Strip
Egypt lets Mubarak PM back in presidential race	Egypt confirms Mubarak's PM back in presidency race
Syrian journalists killed in capital	US Marines killed in base attack
GOP candidate Romney to call to arm Syrian rebels	US helping get arms to Syria rebels
U.N. observer patrol arrives at Syria massacre site	UN observers reach Syria massacre village
Publisher acquitted in privacy case	PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
American Airlines and Pilots Agree on a New Contract	Romney pledges to 'stand with Israel' on Iran threat
Greek PM to announce new election	Greek PM calls for May 6 general election
Government of Canada Supports Montréal Women Leading Change	Government of Canada Supports Women's Safety in Regina
No problem if Mulayam forms Third Front: Congress	No problem if Mulayam forms third front: Digvijay
Bradley triumphs at Firestone as Furyk fades	Bahrain court upholds sentences against uprising leaders
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones	Charges over dog attack on police
Plane crash in Ghana kills at least 10	Plane Crash in Ghana: How the international media reported it
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China	Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
Eurozone backs Greek bailout	Eurozone agrees Greece bail-out
Six US troops killed in Afghan bomb attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Syria forces launch Aleppo attack	Syrian forces kill 54 ahead of Annan peace mission
Romney, Obama fight for edge on Medicare	Obama, Romney compete for undecideds, stoke base
Two blasts hit Syria capital	Two blasts rock Syrian capital
BBC director general resigns over 'shoddy journalism'	BBC Director General Resigns amid Newsnight Scandal
Rick Santorum wins Kansas caucuses	Rick Santorum notches a victory in Kansas caucuses
In Islamist-led Egypt, Coptic Church names new pope	Egyptian Christians choose new pope
US pledge to rebuild Haiti not being met	US Pledge to Rebuild Haiti Not Being Met
Chinese stocks close higher Thursday	Chinese stocks open mixed Wednesday
Greece to vote on 2013 budget; protesters gather	Greece to vote on 2013 budget
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama	Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
U.S., EU Cautiously Welcome Iran's Proposal To Restart Nuclear Talks	U.S., EU welcome Iran's offer to restart nuclear talks
Barack Obama's personal evolution on same-sex marriage	Obama backs same-sex marriage
Clinton warns Kenya of cost of election violence	Clinton warns Kenya on repeat of 2007 vote chaos
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket	England captain Strauss retires from cricket
Anti-American Protests Over Film Expand to Nearly 20 Countries	Anti-American fury sweeps Middle East over film
Journalists hail London Olympics opening	Israeli delegation marches in 2012 Olympics opener
Aust stocks open lower	Tokyo stocks open lower
WikiLeaks begins publishing two million Syria emails	WikiLeaks Releasing Trove of Syria Documents
Palestinians: 2 Gaza militants killed in Israeli airstrike on coastal strip	Officials: Gaza man killed in Israeli airstrike (AP)
Mali's President Hands in Resignation	Mali's President Formally Resigns
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution	War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
Three killed in Nigeria suicide bombers attack	60 killed in Nigeria cattle market attack
FACTBOX-Security developments in Iraq, February 1	FACTBOX-Security developments in Pakistan, March 13
HRW: Jordan biased against Palestinians from Syria	Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Israel among top arms exporters in world: report	Israel among top arms exporters and importers
Egyptians to vote for new president	Somali MPs to elect new president
Federer Wins 7th Wimbledon Title	Federer captures 7th Wimbledon title
Qaida leader calls for kidnap of Westerners in Egypt	Al-Qaida Leader Urges Kidnapping of Westerners
China stocks close mixed Friday	Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred	Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Police disperse protest in east Sudan - witnesses	Police disperse east China chemical plant protesters
43 killed in bus crash	15 killed in crash in India
Putin sworn in as Russian president	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
China trade returns to surplus in March	Tense calm returns to south Tel Aviv
Highlights of the Vice Presidential debate	Five things to watch in the presidential debate
2 pro-Palestinian activists arrested at B-G Airport	Dozens of 'flytilla' activists protest at Paris airport
Full Episode: Nightline 6/29: Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise to Divorce	Custody, images at stake in Cruise-Holmes divorce
Syrian regime denies role in Houla massacre	Syria blames rebels for Houla massacre of over 100
South Sudan accuses Sudan of bombings ahead of talks	S. Sudan accuses Sudan of bombing in blow to talks
Conspiracy against me - Lance	Day begins amid panic
Spanish jobless rate soars past 25 per cent	US jobless rate seen rising, offering Obama no relief
Nine killed in gun attack in Pakistan	Five million citizens get unofficial salary in Ukraine
Syria demands guarantees, rebels say peace plan doomed	Syria demands written guarantee for troop pullback
Minn. terminal reopens after evacuation	Minn. Terminal Reopens After Bag Causes Evacuation
Golf: Westwood takes lead in Dubai Desert Classic	Westwood in front a Dubai Desert Classic
Sudan Blocks YouTube Over Anti-Islam Film	Pakistan's PM orders YouTube halt over anti-Islam film
Polls open in Russian presidential election	Polls close in Senegal's presidential election
Chavez leaves again for Cuba for radiotherapy	Chavez set for more radiotherapy in Cuba
Romanian president declared victory	Chinese president concludes state visit to Denmark
Russians rally support for Orthodox church over Pussy Riot controversy	Russian Orthodox Church rallies faithful after criticism
Clinton lands in India to breathe life into ties	Clinton Warns Against Undermining Grameen Bank
Mali interim leader takes office	Mali's Interim President Sworn Into Office
Putin Declares Victory In Russian Presidential Vote	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
AL renews condemnation on Syria's violence	U.S. closes embassy in Damascus due to Syria violence
EU slaps sanctions on Assad family	EU sanctions Assad's wife; mortars hit Homs
Air Force Instructor Faces Sentencing for Rape	Women testify at Air Force instructor's sentencing
More than 30 striking miners killed	More than 30 striking miners killed in South Africa
Israeli PM makes case on Iran to US voters	Israel blames Iran for attacks on its diplomats
Music Industry Pays Tribute to Whitney Houston	Music industry mourns Whitney Houston
Iron Dome intercepts 17 rockets	Iron Dome intercepts two rockets fired at Beersheba
Mali Islamists destroying 'more Timbuktu shrines'	Mali Islamists destroy more holy Timbuktu sites
China stocks end higher on PMI at midday	Chinese stocks open higher Thursday
Scientists Resurrect Flowers from Prehistoric Seeds	Nintendo trims red ink, lowers forecast for year
Man convicted in Vatican leaks case	Butler to be tried in "Vatileaks" case
Romney, Paul vie for Maine caucus win	Romney has narrow Maine caucus win
Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city of Tripoli	Sectarian clashes rock Lebanese city, 3 killed
Repsol blasts Argentina over nationalization of YPF	Repsol blasts Argentina over oil nationalization
Several dead, 550 injured in Argentina train crash	49 feared dead in Buenos Aires train crash
Aung San Suu Kyi to address British MPs	Burma's Aung San Suu Kyi to address parliament on June visit
Sheriff: Man recovers stolen car 42 years later	US man recovers car 42 years after theft
Google CEO says Android important, not critical	Larry Page says Android important, not critical
Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president	Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Iran may cut oil exports to more EU states	Iran MPs say ready to ban oil exports to some EU states
Factory Fires Kill At Least 260 in Pakistan	At Least Six Dead in Pakistan Gunfight
Australian among four on plane missing in Indonesia	Iranian painter Mansoureh Hosseini dies
Romney vows to restore 'promise of America'	Romney Promises to 'Restore America'
Santorum's 3-year-old daughter hospitalized	'Kony 2012' director hospitalized
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action	Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.
Mandela released from hospital	Israeli president released from hospital
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three	Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double
Jaya Prada all set to join BJP	Jaya Prada likely to join BJP, Amar Singh to decide for her
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	Over 120 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Hezbollah's Nasrallah warns US over anti-Islam film	Hezbollah calls for more anti-Islam film protests
Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels	Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
Nadal tops Djokovic for 7th French Open title	Tennis: Nadal defeats Djokovic for Monte Carlo title
Childcare costs rise by nearly 6%	Childcare 'costing £15,000 a year'
Obama urges decisive action on Europe debt crisis	Obama urges Europe to act quickly on crisis
Beef burger mix recalled over salmonella concerns	Choc powder recalled over salmonella concerns
Obama, Romney Prepare for First Debate	Obama, Romney prepare to debate
First significant gas found offshore Kenya	Raiders kill 38 in latest land clashes in Kenya
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	Kidnapped UK aid worker killed in Pakistan
At CPAC, Mitt Romney Stresses Conservative Credentials	CPAC 2012: Mitt Romney Struggles to Connect with Conservative Base
8 rockets fired from Gaza into southern Israel; none hurt	Ten rockets from Gaza land in southern Israel; none hurt
Glorious triple-gold night for Britain	Britain savors golden night on track
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral	Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo
U.S. soldier killed in shooting incident in S. Afghanistan	Five NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Polls close in Egyptian presidential election	Press Releases: Yemeni Presidential Election
Police 'did not link' Savile claims	BBC faces questions for pulling Savile case
Eurozone unemployment stays at record 11 percent	Eurozone unemployment hits record high
James Murdoch quits BSkyB	James Murdoch quits role at BSkyB
Iconic science fiction writer Ray Bradbury dies at 91	Science fiction legend Ray Bradbury dead at 91
Egypt presidential election May 23-24	US presidential election 2012
Four French soldiers killed in Afghan suicide blast	Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
UN observers find traces of Syrian massacre	UN team investigates Syrian massacre
AP poll: Majority in US have prejudice against blacks	AP Poll: Majority Harbor Prejudice Against Blacks
AP Source: Redskins to trade for No. 2 pick	Redskins trade for No. 2 pick
China says defense budget to rise 11.2% in 2012	China's defence spending to rise 11.2%
String of Iraq blasts kills at least 32	Strong Italy Quake Kills at Least Six
Ecuador President Correa says no decision made on Assange asylum	Ecuador yet to decide on Assange's asylum
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million	News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
US offers US$10 mil. for Pakistan militant	US offers $10 million for Pakistani militant chief
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan IED attack	6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan
Osama Bin Laden Wives to Be Jailed	Osama Bin Laden movie to be filmed in India
Egyptians vote in landmark presidential election	Egyptians go to polls in historic election
JetBlue pilot who disrupted flight declared insane, not guilty	JetBlue pilot who caused disruption on flight not guilty
Tsunami warning: No need for SA to panic	Tsunami warning after Aceh quake
US Hands Over Bagram Prison to Afghan Authorities	U.S. transfers Bagram prison to Afghan control
Jeremy Hunt distances himself from adviser who 'overstepped the mark'	Jeremy Hunt clings on as SpAd quits over News Corp emails
Obama praises U.S.-Latin America trade ties	Obama Secret Service agents sent home
Blitzbokke ousted by Fiji	Blitzbokke beaten by NZ
Obama and Romney focus on swing-states	Team Anna yet to decide on contesting state polls
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale	Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
'Grenade attack' kills one and injures at least 11	Sex attack on woman investigated
Toulouse siege: Police surround flat of 'Islamic warrior' suspected of being serial killer	Toulouse shooting: France was on the highest level of security of security alert
'Scores of bodies' found in Syria	Eight more bodies found on ship
Shooter charged with murder of US black teen	Thoughts on race relations under a black president
Jonny Bairstow and Eoin Morgan shine for England in Mumbai	Bairstow hits ton in India tour match
Australians flee homes amid floods	Australian speaker steps aside
How wind farm developers 'use camera tricks to make turbines look smaller than they really are'	Wind farm developers using 'tricks' to make turbines look smaller
US drone kills six militants in Pakistan: officials	US missiles kill 15 in Pakistan: officials
Wigan 3-2 Wolves: Match report, pictures & video highlights	Arsenal 0-0 Chelsea: Match report, pictures & video highlights
UK spends £3m on foreign prisons	US spends $50m on carp invasion
Nigeria: Nigerian troops swarm after 40 killed in student massacre	Nigeria police make arrests after college massacre
Nerves Calmed -- For Now : Markets Jump on Relief over Spanish Bank Bailout	Focus Shifts to Greece After Spain Secures Bank Bailout
Heavy Fighting Reported in Syria's Aleppo	Heavy fighting reported in Damascus
France says Greece must show credibility for eurozone	France's Hollande backs Greece but urges credible reform
Avengers sets box office record	The Hunger Games breaks US box office record
4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan	British Soldier Killed In Afghanistan
Spanish bailout dilemma gets more acute	Spanish dilemma gets more acute
NATO soldier dies in Afghanistan	Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan
Chinese stocks open lower Wednesday	China stocks open lower Friday
Palestinian leadership condemn Israeli FM call to oust Abbas	Palestinian leadership backs Fatah-Hamas Doha deal
Mitt Romney wins Maryland GOP primary	Romney wins Maryland Republican primary
Man finds car on eBay 42 years after it was stolen	Texas man finds his car 42 years after it was stolen
Sylvester Stallone's son found dead in Hollywood	Sylvester Stalloneâ€™s son, Sage Stallone, found dead in Hol
NATO: 4 aid workers rescued from Afghan insurgents	5 aid workers freed in operation in Afghanistan
Russia jails Pussy Riot protest punks for two years	Russian court to rule in Pussy Riot trial
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter	Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany
Israel bars German writer Grass from visiting over poem	Israel bars German author Grass over poem
The Note's Must-Reads for August 1, 2012	The Note's Must Reads for Wednesday July 4, 2012
NATO US troop detained over shooting of Afghan civilians	U.S. says saddened by shooting on Afghan civilians
Hollande wins French presidential election	East Timor votes in presidential election
Lance Armstrong drops fight against doping charges	Lance Armstrong calls it quits in fight against doping charges
Military: Syria chemical stocks threaten Israel	Russia tells Syria chemical arms threat is unacceptable
Fitch upgrades Ford to investment grade	Fitch restores Ford credit to investment grade
Syria peace plan conditions “unacceptable,” opposition says	Syria peace dashed as deadline passes
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears	Oil rises after Greek election result
Clashes as Greeks protest against more cutbacks	Clashes erupt as Greek vote nears
9 dead, 11 hurt, 4 missing in Mont Blanc avalanche	6 dead, several missing in Mont Blanc avalanche
Taliban pose as 'attractive women, on Facebook for spying	Taliban soldiers posing as pretty women on Facebook to get troops' secrets
China activist Chen lands in US	Chinese activist renews call to fight injustice
City Room: Empire State Building Shooting	2 dead in shooting outside Empire State Building
Mohamed Morsi sworn in as Eygptian president	Mursi sworn in as Egyptian president
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan	Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Attack on Nato base in Afghanistan kills 15	Aid workers freed in Afghanistan raid
Yemen Suicide Blast, Drone Attack Kill At Least 30	Spate of Iraq attacks kill at least six
Torres moving on after Olympic bid fails	Torres finishes 4th, misses out on sixth Olympics
Obama silent on China dissident	Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Pakistan begins demolition of bin Laden compound	Pakistan demolishes Osama bin Laden hideout
Sudan blames Israel for Khartoum arms fire	Sudan accuses Israel of airstrike on arms factory
House-Senate deal reached on payroll tax measure	Negotiators reach deal on Congress payroll tax cut bill
Prince Philip hospitalised in London	Britain's Prince Philip hospitalised, to miss jubilee
Tropical Storm Isaac drenches Haiti, swipes Cuba	Tropical Storm Isaac threatens dam
'Desperate Housewives' Actress Kathryn Joosten Dies	'Housewives' actress Kathryn Joosten dies at 72
Gaza rockets lands in Ashkelon Coast area; none hurt	Rocket fired from Gaza damages home in Sderot; none hurt
Foreign pro-Palestinian activists seek to enter West Bank	100 pro-Palestinians seek to enter Israel at Allenby
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital	Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
World stocks rise on hopes for EU, US stimulus	Stocks rise on hopes for a Fed stimulus
Gore Vidal dead at 86: Legendary author, playwright, and politician dies	Gore Vidal, celebrated author, playwright, dies at 86
Egypt's Coptic Pope Shenuda III dies	Egypt prepares to bury Coptic Pope Shenuda III
World stocks fall before Greek debt deal deadline	Asia stocks fall ahead of Greek debt deal deadline
South Africa police shot dead 30 miners	South Africa police say they killed 30+ miners
Isaac drenches Haiti, heads toward Cuba, Florida	Isaac nears Haiti with homeless quake population
Britain reaches out to Syria opposition	Who cares about the Syrian people?
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home	Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home
Obama relaxes deportation rules for young immigrants	U.S. relaxes deportation rules for young people: Napolitano
Microsoft's Surface a big bet on future: Analysts	Microsoft's Surface tablet promising, but questions remain
'Whitey' Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years	Mobster "Whitey" Bulger's girlfriend gets 8 years
Mauritanian president shot by army unit	Mauritanian president shot at
Syria hands over bodies of journalists	Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Man sets himself on fire at Breivik trial	Man sets self afire outside Breivik trial
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan	US drone in Pakistan kills 10 suspected militants
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa	9,000 U.S. Marines to move out of Okinawa: statement
Toys R Us waives fee for layaway program	Wal-Mart lowers fee for holiday layaway program
EU Set for New Sanctions on Iran	EU plans major new sanctions against Iran
Iran expands nuclear enrichment activities: IAEA report	Iran steps up sensitive nuclear work - IAEA
Donna Summer, Queen of Disco, dies at 63	Donna Summer, the queen of disco
Assad meets with Red Cross officials in Syria	Assad makes Red Cross pledge
Iraqi Attacks Kill General, Four Police	Attacks in Iraq kill general and 4 others
At least 80 dead in northwest Iran quakes	180 dead, 1,300 injured in northwest Iran earthquakes
Brazil's 'pop-star priest' gets mammoth new stage	Brazil's 'Pop-Star Priest' Gets Mammoth New Stage
Washington: More Than 100 Are Charged in Medicare Fraud Sweep	Washington: Court Upholds Voting Rights Act in Alabama Case
Putin claims victory in Russia's presidential election	Putin claims victory in presidential vote
Clinton ready to fight for Obama	Clinton a tough act for Obama to follow
Romney announces Paul Ryan as running mate	Romney chooses Ryan as GOP running mate
European markets rise on Greek bailout hopes	European Ministers Are Poised to Approve Greek Rescue
Edwards Acquitted on 1 Count, Mistrial on Others	Edwards found not guilty on one count; mistrial on others
Ukrainian weightlifter gets four-year doping ban	Ukraine's Korobka gets four-year doping ban
Gunman may have filmed school massacre	Killer may have filmed France school shooting
Hong Kong stocks close down 0.28%	Hong Kong stocks open 0.62 pct higher
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub	Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
Suicide bomber attacks Algerian security base	Suicide bomber targets Nigerian church
Thailand: Iranians planned to attack Israelis	Malaysia to extradite Iranian for attack on Israelis
Israeli military court rejects appeal of Palestinian hunger striker	Israel reaches deal with Palestinian hunger strikers
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures	Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
Avengers sets box office record	'Hunger Games' sets box office records
Putin 'Wins Russian Presidential Election'	Putin 'wins' Russia's presidential election
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing	German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
Putin casts ballot as Russians vote	Putin to win Russia's presidential election
UN Chief Finds His Voice, Remains Cautious on China	Insight: U.N. chief finds his voice, but remains cautious on China
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross	Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Libyans begin handing in weapons	Libyans transfer weapons to army
British Archbishop of Canterbury changes career to Cambridge	Archbishop of Canterbury to step down amid rifts
Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak, 19 injured	Punjab Mail derails near Rohtak in Haryana, 19 injured
George Zimmerman 'to be charged' with killing Trayvon Martin	George Zimmerman to be charged in Trayvon Martin case, official says
Indian Maoist rebels offer talks to free Italian hostages	India: Maoist rebels in talks on freeing Italians
Two reported dead in shooting at Empire State Building in NY	City Room: Empire State Building Shooting
Five dead in Pakistan suicide blast	At least 63 dead in Pakistan factory blaze
Penn State football players react to sanctions	Penn State football slammed with NCAA sanctions
Israel must release or try Palestinian on prolonged hunger strike	Israeli minister wants Palestinian leader's ouster
UN report says both sides in Syria abuse rights	NATO leader plays down risk of Turkey-Syria clash
Girl accused of burning Koran goes into hiding	Girl accused of burning Koran bailed
Manchester United slashes price for US IPO	Manchester United Reveal Share Price Details
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus	Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
Soggy solstice: Stonehenge gets soaking	Summer solstice celebrated at Stonehenge despite rain
France warns Syria over chemical weapons use	U.N. concerned at possible Syria chemical weapons
Life-threatening Midwest storms feared	'Life-Threatening' Storms Feared for Midwest
Chicago teacher strike nears end with 'framework' agreement in place	General strike ends: Histadrut, Treasury reach agreement
Indonesian president to visit UK	Indonesian president to visit Australia
ICC lawyer detained in Libya on security concerns	ICC lawyer held in Libya faces 45-day detention
Storm delays start of Republican convention	Storm lashes Florida, delaying Republican convention
Freight train derails, catches fire in Columbus, Ohio	Freight train derailment, explosion prompts evacuation
At least two Nato killed in Afghanistan helicopter crash: military	At least 18 killed in Afghan bomb attacks: officials
President Mills must quit - Lecturer	President John Evans Atta-Mills Must Resign Now -NPP Germany
Miami Heat wins NBA Finals	Miami Heat clinches NBA Championship
Japan closes last nuclear reactor	Japan switches off last nuclear power plant this weekend
Ryanair in new bid for Aer Lingus	Ryanair chief hails report findings
Russian Air Force celebrates 100th anniversary	Russian air force's 100th anniversary
6 NATO troops killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China's yuan weakens against USD for third day
Apple iPad mini makes debut	Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
Not so Super Tuesday for Mitt Romney	Romney leads Santorum in GOP Super Tuesday contests
Putin sworn in as Russian growth falters	Putin sworn in as Russia's president for 6 years
ArQule, Daiichi stop lung cancer trial, shares tank	ArQule stock plunges as lung cancer study shelved
Teenager and father killed in crash	Three killed in horror crash are named
6.1-magnitude quake strikes Indonesia	6.1-magnitude quake hits Papua, Indonesia -- USGS
2 Americans Killed as Afghan Unrest Enters Fifth Day	Two American Officers Murdered As Afghan Unrest Continues
Breivik complains of 'ridicule'	Breivik: Jail term 'ridiculous'
Officials: Romney to get Secret Service protection	Obama addresses Secret Service scandal
Japan PM calls for quicker tsunami waste processing	Japan marks one year since quake and tsunami disaster
Syrian fighter pilot defects to Jordan	Syrian PM defects to Jordan
Syrian Arab Republic (the): Syrian Arab Republic: Syrian Refugees (as of 28 June 2012)	Syrian Arab Republic (the): More than 70 killed in Syria ahead of Annan return
Suicide bomber kills 16 in Afghanistan	Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners	Myanmar announces release of prisoners
Airlines cancel 'flytilla' activists' tickets to TA	UK Airline Cancels 'Flytilla' Tickets on Israel Objections
Spain asks for bank rescue	Spaniard on trial for Cuban dissident’s death
East Timor votes in presidential election	Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
The murky waters of the South China Sea	Peace lies over the South China Sea
Sri Lanka seek one-day revival against Pakistan	Senior journalist killed in Pakistan
SpaceX docks with International Space Station: Up next, public travel?	SpaceX Dragon Docks With International Space Station
Romney rocked by secret video	Romney taped at secret donor talk
'Million Muppet March' to defend Obama backing of PBS	Million Muppet March planned to defend U.S. backing for PBS
Syrian opposition in reconciliation talks	Syrian Opposition Council to Establish Envoy in France
Sensex down 193 points on budget blues	Romney won't volunteer budget differences
Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25pc to raise $15bn	Facebook boosts size of IPO by 25 percent
Iran's Parliament Questions A Dismissive Ahmadinejad	Iran's parliament questions President Ahmadinejad
Yemen suicide attack kills 7 soldiers: officials	Afghan suicide car bomb kills at least seven: officials
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria	Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon	KL shares lower at mid-morning
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute	Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
Presidential vote polarises Egyptians	GOP presidential hopefuls clash in Southern races
Three more US soldiers killed in Afghanistan	NATO Soldier Killed in Afghanistan
Police raise death toll in bus accident to 8	Rodney King death ruled accidental
Four foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Eurozone agrees to lend Spain up to $125 billion	Eurozone to lend Spain up to 100 bil. euros
Red Cross worker killed in Pakistan	British Red Cross doctor kidnapped in Pakistan found beheaded
Afghan, US govts sign deal on controversial night raid	Afghans, US sign deal on night raids
China mine accident kills 10	China truck accident kills 20
Australia can eclipse England in Windies	Australian PM defiant under pressure over leadership
Protests at Pussy Riot verdict	Pussy Riot verdict greeted with defiance
Secret Service sees its 'biggest scandal' over prostitutes	Secret Service sex scandal 'regret'
Kuwait: Activists storm Syrian embassy; two injured	Activists storm Syria embassy in Kuwait
Details of Aung San Suu Kyi's visit to Ireland	Rapturous welcome for Aung San Suu Kyi's historic trip
Key says marae visit a lost opportunity	Key wants Waitangi marae visit to stay
Norway marks anniversary of massacre	Norway Marks Anniversary of Breivik's Massacre
South Korean economic growth falls to 3-year low	S. Korean economic growth falls to near 3-year low
Woman killed by falling debris	When an ally declines
Aust shares up 1% after interest rate cut	RBA delivers another rate cut
Germany warns Greece: No more money without reforms	Euro zone to Greece: No rescue without reforms
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker	Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
Obama to meet families of shooting victims	Obama to meet Batman gun victims
Obama widens lead over Romney despite jobs data: Reuters/Ipsos poll	Romney takes lead over Obama with convention "bounce": Reuters/Ipsos poll
Russia, China Veto UN Resolution on Syria	Russia, China veto UN resolution on Syria killings
Two killed, 19 injured in Toronto shooting	Two dead, 7 injured in Finland shooting
What the Pope's butler saw – aide arrested over Vatican leaks	Pope’s butler arrested in scandal over Vatican leaks
Anti-Putin protesters form human chain in Moscow	Anti-Putin protesters form human chain
Juror: Sandusky appeared to accept his fate	Jerry Sandusky convicted of child sexual abuse
Washington's Acts of Congress sells for $9.8M	George Washington's copy of US Constitution sells for $9.8m
Lakers Fire Coach Mike Brown After 1-4 Start	Lakers fire Mike Brown after 1-4 start
Canadian Muslims issue fatwa against 'honor killing'	US, Canadian imams issue fatwa against honour killings
U.N. to take up Syria resolution	UN Assembly to Vote on Syria Resolution
Soldier 'can't recall' massacre	US soldier ‘doesn’t recall massacre’
Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin	French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Libya PM names new cabinet after protests over original	Libyan assembly rejects new cabinet, dismisses PM
4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east	4 French Soldiers Reported Killed in Afghanistan
Syrian forces storm central town	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war
Pak: 20 dead in anti-Islam film protests	25 injured in anti-Islam film protest in Islamabad, Pakistan
Cause of Whitney Houston's death could take weeks	Investigators seek answers to Whitney Houston's death
N Korea warns of retaliation for South Korea drill	North warns of retaliation for Seoul's naval drill plan
A Tale of Two Passes: How The New York Giants Won The Super Bowl	Lesser of two evils triumphs in Super Bowl
One dead in new Israeli strike on Gaza	Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics
Germany Likely to Press Russia on Syrian Crisis	What is Russia thinking on Syria? A brief guide
Four seriously injured in M23 motorway crash	Four injured in motorway crash
UN aid chief Amos enters Baba Amr with Red Crescent	Syria's besieged Baba Amr is deserted, Red Cross says
Dozens killed in Nigerian riots	Dozens killed in Kenyan clashes
Profiles of Egypt's main presidential candidates	Second day of Egyptian presidential election
Actor Gazzara dead at 81	Actor Ben Gazzara dies at 81
British gold rush silences gripes over cost	2 British soldiers killed in Afghan insider attack
Avalanche buries at least 100 Pakistani soldiers	Avalanche buries over 100 Pakistani soldiers
Inflation falls to 15-month low: what the analysts say	Inflation falls to 15-month low
Komen won't cut Planned Parenthood funding	Susan G Komen in U-turn over Planned Parenthood funding cut
Forex &amp; Gold 25 August 2012	Forex & Gold 19 July 2012
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers	Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
Iran says UN nuclear talks will continue	Iran says nuclear talks with UN 'constructive'
Agribusiness: Mad cow disease found in California	USDA Confirms Case of Mad Cow Disease in California
BP sells some Gulf of Mexico assets for $5.55 bil	BP sells Gulf of Mexico assets to Plains for $5.55 bn
300 potential Jimmy Savile victims: police	UK: 300 potential Savile abuse victims emerge
Romney leads rivals, not Obama, in fundraising	Romney: I left all management of Bain in 1999
Armstrong steps down from Livestrong	Armstrong standing down from Livestrong
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	U.S. drone strikes kill 16 suspected militants in Yemen
9/11 defendants ignore judge at Guantanamo hearing	Sept. 11 defendants enrage families at hearing
Syrian govt wont stop attacks	Syrian opposition reports 'massacre'
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks higher at midday Friday
Myanmar: Opposition claims Suu Kyi win	Voters in Myanmar hopeful as Suu Kyi's party claims win
Obama's poll rating drops in boost for Republican rivals	Obama's big Hispanic win worries Republicans
Two Aust soldiers wounded in Afghanistan	4 foreign soldiers killed in Afghan east
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops	Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
New Syria opposition chief wants no-strings aid	Syria opposition unites as Israel fires warning shots
Cheap generics no panacea for India’s poorest	Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest
Egyptians vote to pick president for first time	Egyptians wait for key presidential vote results
South Africa mine clash kills at least 30	South Africa train crash kills 26
Syrian forces bombard Homs, Russia warns of civil war	Syrian forces bombard Homs, Lavrov arrives for talks
Egypt presidential election results delayed	Egyptian election result delayed
Deadline passes with no new Iran sanctions	EU Moves Closer to New Iran Sanctions
Arrested Russian killer denies ties to Pussy Riot	Dozens arrested in Russian TV tower protest
Norway memorial honours 77 massacre victims	Norway marks anniversary of massacre
US Afghanistan general linked to Petraeus scandal	Senior US general linked to Petraeus scandal
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president	Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Chinese stocks fall after RRR cut - May 14	Chinese stocks gain at midday Monday
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria	Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
NKorea makes "significant" nuclear reactor progress - IAEA	N. Korea vows to expand nuclear deterrent
Maldives president quits after police mutiny, protests	Maldives president quits after weeks of protest
NATO strike 'kills civilians' in Afghanistan	Two NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Al-Qaida says it captures 70 Yemeni soldiers in Abyan's battle	Al Qaeda clashes, blasts kill 35 soldiers in Yemen
Navy jet crashes into US apartments, pilots eject	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
China stocks open higher Wednesday	US stocks open higher despite GDP miss
IDF to deploy Iron Dome in Central Israel	Major snowstorm barrels down on Central Plains
4 Killed in US Drone Strike in Pakistan	U.S. Drone Strike Kills 3 in Pakistan
US teen held in Chicago 'jihad' car bomb plot	Chicago teen arrested in Chicago car bomb plot
PC David Rathband: twin brother's fears for his 'bestest mate'	David Miliband: my brother and a return to old Labour
Syrian forces move to retake Aleppo	Syrian Regime Bids To Retake City Of Aleppo
20-member parliamentary, trade team leaves for India	Commerce secretary to take leave of absence
Sly Stallone's Sone Sage Found Dead in LA	Sylvester Stallone's Son Found Dead At Home
Wall Street Opens Lower	Wall Street Ends Mixed
Clinton: US, Europe must do more against tyrants	Clinton: US, Europe Must Work to Defeat Tyrants
Europe shares bounce as more China stimulus seen	Oil prices rise on hopes for stimulus
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold	Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
Stock index futures point to lower start	Stock index futures signal early losses
Man charged after MP hurt in attack	Man charged with murder in flat
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday	Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Nokia apologises for 'faked' ad	US waives riders for Pak aid
US drone strike kills 5 militants in Pakistan	Drone strike kills four suspected militants in Pakistan
Syria rebels leave besieged Homs	Syrian rebels retreat from besieged Homs district
U.S. orders non-essential staff to leave Sudan, Tunisia	US orders non-essential staff to leave Tunisia, Sudan
Egypt's Mubarak critical	Egypt's Mubarak in critical condition
Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power	Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power
Romney, Obama clash on tax, economy in first debate	Obama and Romney take stage for first debate
Assad says mercenaries are behind Syria unrest	Assad Accuses US of Fueling Syrian Uprising
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote	Complaints in Russian election mount
Japan PM dissolves lower house for election	Iran and world powers set for nuclear talks
Two killed in new Israeli strike on Gaza: medics	5 die in strikes on Gaza, militants barrage Israel
Navy jet crashes into Virginia buildings, injuring six	Navy jet crashes into Virginia apartments,9 hurt
One NATO soldier killed in S. Afghanistan	British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Spain jobless rate hits new high	Spain's jobless claims hit new high
Roadside bomb kills 10 Afghan civilians: police	Roadside bomb kills 5 Afghan policemen
Turkey scrambles jets near border	Turkey scrambles jets to Syrian border
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case	Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Two die in Syria violence after UN monitors land	Two year doping ban for Contador
Remarks by the President at the White House Science Fair	The Presidential Planner - The White House Science Fair
Civilian, defector killed in Syria, says NGO	Syria gunmen kill three Syrian officers: NGO
Malawi confirms president's death	Malawi confirms President Mutharika's death
Taiwan rattled by strong earthquake	China rocked by twin earthquakes
Bank of England's Paul Tucker tainted by Libor mess	Bank of England deputy denies ordering rate-rigging
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7	Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
Red Cross says negotiating halt to fighting in Syria to take aid	Red Cross negotiating Syria ceasefire to bring aid
Syrian forces shoot civilians on bus	Syrian forces, rebels clash near Turkey
German parliament overwhelmingly backs Greek rescue deal	German parliament endorses Greek bailout
Bombings, clashes continue in Syria	Bombings, clashes as Syria opposition seeks arms
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'	London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle
Burma's reforms bring easing of U.S. sanctions	Burma activists say go slow on easing sanctions
Usain Bolt wins 200m – Steven Howard reaction	Facebook mobile gains drive revenue growth: reaction
Dozens dead in Taliban resort attack	'India police name 3 Iranians in embassy attack'
Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria ahead of poll	Heavy fighting rocks eastern Syria - residents
China yuan weakens to 6.3282 against USD Monday	China yuan retreats to 6.2697 against USD Thursday
7 dead in Christian school shooting	5 wounded in Ohio school shooting
Indonesia anti-terror squad kills two suspected militants	Indonesia police shoot dead suspected militants in Bali
US Election: Mitt Romney concedes defeat as Barack Obama wins second term	Romney concedes election to Obama in phone call
Armenians vote in parliamentary elections	Armenia's parliamentary vote a test for president
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material	Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday	Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Venezuela's Chavez in Cuba for 3rd anti-cancer treatment	Venezuelan leader returning to Cuba for treatment
Sachin Tendulkar is sworn in as Indian senator	MP Sachin Tendulkar says no to govt bungalow
Residents near Gaza instructed to stay near shelter	Best’s great day brings West Indies cheer
Navy Jet Crashes Into Apartment Building	U.S. Navy Jet Crashes Into Virginia Apartment Buildings
Romney wins big in Puerto Rico primary	Romney wins Illinois primary
Yahoo! to name Google's Mayer as CEO: report	Yahoo names Google exec Mayer as CEO
US soldier accused of Afghan massacre hires prominent criminal lawyer	US soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians identified
6.0-magnitude quake hits northern Italy: USGS	5.9-magnitude quake hits Sunda Strait, Indonesia: USGS
US gov't officially designates Haqqani network as terrorists	US designates Haqqani network as terrorists
Motor Racing: Button fastest in year's first F1 practice	Button boasts best time after first practice
Rangers voted into Division Three	Rangers voted into third division
Syria in ceasefire observers call	Syrian ceasefire brings uneasy calm
Newark mayor saves neighbor from fire	Newark mayor rescues neighbor from burning house
Spurs get revenge on Lakers, lead West	Abduct Israelis to free prisoners, Gaza leaders say
F1 protests in Bahrain	A day of rage in Bahrain
New York Stock Exchange to reopen Wednesday	DealBook: Stock Exchanges Prepare to Open
China's CPI growth slows to 1.8 pct in July	China's industrial output growth slows to 9.2 pct in July
Homs mortar fire kills 105	Homs offensive kills 200
Hundreds honor student killed in Ohio shooting	Funeral set for Ohio shooting victim
Bombs in southern Thailand kill 5, wound 50	Bombs in Thailand kill 14, wound 340
US lawmakers take next step on new Iran sanctions	Somalia lawmakers to vote for new president
Barack Obama admits US has 'more nuclear weapons than we need'	French gunman wants to 'die with weapons in hands'
2 rockets hit in the Eshkol region; no injuries	10 rockets in 20 minutes in Eshkol Regional Council
'Betrayed' disabled workers protest against Remploy closures	May Day marked by protests against austerity cuts
DR Congo rebels kill park rangers	Rebels kill two park rangers in eastern Congo
Nine Pakistani troops killed in militant ambush	Trade: Pakistan, India agree to take it a step ahead
74 dead in Egypt soccer violence	At least 73 die in Egyptian soccer pitch invasion
Unrest in tense Nigeria leaves at least 95 dead	Southwest China quakes kill at least 50
Hurricane Sandy makes landfall in southeastern Jamaica: NHC	Hurricane Sandy reaches Jamaica
Gaza militants fire 40 rockets into Israel, 3 hurt: police	Gazans fire four rockets into Israel; no injuries
Remarks With Prime Minister Elkeib After Their Meeting	Remarks With Foreign Minister Koichiro Gemba
Iraq Releases Suspected Hezbollah Operative Wanted By U.S.	Iraq Said to Release Hezbollah Operative
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel	Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
Barrick in talks with China firm over African assets	Obama aide holds talks in China after Syria veto
The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery"s electrical state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the closed path is connected to the light bulb	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is a damaged bulb	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.	A, B and C are in different paths
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
had a closed path to the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Not contained in a closed path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
The battery terminals have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
an open switch causes a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.	A and C are in the same closed path
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.	the battery is in an open path
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	the battery is in an open path
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
It cuts the current from the battery	the path is not closed
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the are on the same wire	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs	there is an incomplete circuit
there is a closed path	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because A and C still have a connection to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery is on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
If it is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
becaquse there was a gap in the connection	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there was a negavtive gap	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because switch z is in bulb c"s closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
There is no difference in electrical states.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
The terminals are not connected	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
It is not in the same path as bulb A.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path	the battery is in an open path
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
That there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A and B are within the same path	each bulb is in its own path
Because it was in the same circuit	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.	A and C are in different paths
There was a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.	there is an open path
Because there is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
it was not a closed path	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
the battery alone is in a closed path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was closed paths between the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Terminal has the same electrical state	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
bulb a was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the attery is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	the open switch creates a gap
when it disrupts a complete path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
There is no gap in the circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because it still caught the current from both terminals	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
The current has shorted out the battery.	there is a short circuit
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	there is no gap between the terminals
the voltage stays the same within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.	there is no closed path containing the battery
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is a gap in the circut.	there is a gap in the circuit
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	A and B have their own path
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The voltage does not change.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The bulb does not effect the others	there is an incomplete circuit
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH	A and C are in the same path
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working	A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there was two negative connections	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS	A and C are in different paths
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Both components need to be in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.	the battery is in an open path
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb A is connected to switch Z	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb had a short circuit	there is a complete circuit
Battery will always have voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It turns off all the bulbs.	the open switch creates a gap
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because a and c are still in a closed circuit	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A was still in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
there is a gap in the connection.	there is no gap between the terminals
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	the path is not closed
That the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
the batteries terminals are not connected	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the path was closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because the path is short	the path is not closed
The path it was on	there is a path containing both Z and C
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because there is no closed path to the battery	the path is not closed
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
removing one bulb shuts off the other.	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb will not light	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.	there is no closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
A switch creates a break in the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
terminal is connected to the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.	there is a short circuit
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal one is not connected to terminal six	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
if the switch is included in the bulb"s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The circuit is not closed around the battery.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it can go through switch Z	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the gap in terminal 2 is postive	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
bulb a creates a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
it creates a gap in the current.	the open switch creates a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	there is no closed path containing the battery
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
the two terminals are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it has another closed path it can use	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
It receives current from switche Z.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	A and C are not in the same path
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.	each bulb is in its own path
bulb b created a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	Bulb B is in a separate path
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Y is not needed for bulb a to light	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because switch y isn"t included in bulb A"s closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
can complete the path by having z be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
It creates a gap in the circut.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it runs on a different current	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because the bulb is connected correctly.	the battery is in an open path
the battery is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb A"s path only contained switch Z	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
Each circuit must have a connection.	there is a complete circuit
terminal connected to positive charge	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it was not contained in the closed path.	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c was not connected to the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Without A, there"s no closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
A closed path with a battery and bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A will create a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because it is still connected to a batery	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb only has one terminal connected	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
There is a difference in electrical states.	the terminals are not connected
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there will be a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the battery is containing a negative charge only	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
not connected to positive battery	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because there is a light bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.	the path is not closed
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	there is an incomplete circuit
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the terminal it is connected to is not working	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
We switched the terminals around.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb a created a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is not closed in a closed path.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
It is in the same closed path.	there is an open path
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
there is no short circuit to the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
both are on same closed paths	B and C are in the same path with the battery
when it creates an open path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
A GAP WIL BE CREATED	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There must be a closed path and a battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
because an open switch creates a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	A and C are in the same closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different paths
because each bulb has its own pathway	each bulb is in its own path
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
bulb a is in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
for the same reason as 3	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.	the terminals are separated by a gap
The light bulb is not in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
it breaks the closed circuit	the open switch creates a gap
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the battery is not in a closed bath alone	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
terminal 1 and 4 connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
a short circuit has occured	there is a short circuit
Tells you that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
the bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
It was in the same path as switch X.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
if the path is open or closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is  not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
Because there is a gap.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
It is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	The terminals are in the same state.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
because it has a positive terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the two components are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because positive charge is before gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals	the terminals are separated by a gap
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
battery is contained on a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because it has one regardless of the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap in bulb B	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0	The terminals are in the same state.
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because it would cause a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
closed paths from the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch Y did not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Battery is not contained i a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch Y does not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb b and c are in a closed path	B and C are in the same path
battery is contained in bulb	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
because there was a gap in the pathway.	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
becuase bulb C is on it"s own pathway.	Bulb C is in a separate path
a connection to the battery	there is a complete circuit
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
there is a gap between terminal one and two	There is no gap between them
there is not a gap in the connection	the terminals are not separated by a gap
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the other bulb will not light.	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is not gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there is a positive and negative connections	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
because it had no gap between the terminals	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the battery is not closed the bulb is.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
there is a difference in electrical states	the terminals are separated by a gap
because it is still in a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there would be a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the difference	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it is not in the same path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
damaged bulb creates a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
circuit 5 is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
the battery terminals don"t connect without any devices	the battery is in an open path
terminal is connected to postive end of battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed	the path is not closed
because the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Because neither components are in closed paths.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C	There is a path with B and C that does not include X
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is no path through bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
still have connection to battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
it was a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb c creates a gap	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because there was a gap in the terminals	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
both are on the same side of the circuit	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Because terminal 1 had no gap.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It stops the flow of electricity.	there is an open path
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because there is no gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
yes bulb A was on	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if the path is open the bulb will be off	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It will locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
Bulb terminals 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is contain in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
A and B are off	there is an incomplete circuit
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch stops the energy flow	the path is not closed
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and c affect each other.	A and C are in the same path
there is a closed path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
it checks the electrical state between two terminals.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because it was connected to the positive side.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Find where there are different electrical states	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was a closed path not effected by the switch	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
there is a gap in terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
because of the gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because of the gap in bulb b.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.	There is no closed path
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The bulb and the battery are connected	the battery is in an open path
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path	A and C are not in the same path
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
for the same reason as 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
and the circut is closed	A and C are in the same closed path
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different paths
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
circuit 2 is connected to the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Seperate paths connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The path does not close	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there"s a difference in electrical states.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.	Bulb B is in a separate path
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When it creates a gap.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There are other closed path without bulb B	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
because the terminals are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C will create a gap in the path	each bulb is in its own path
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
the is an open path	the battery is in an open path
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulb B is in a independent path	Bulb B is in a separate path
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the electrical state difference between the battery"s two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
has to do something with a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the chemical in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	there is a gap in a circuit
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
complete path including a battery and a bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it is not on the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there is no gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	The terminals are in the same state.
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
There are 2 paths in this diagram	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There has to be a closed circuit battery.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.	A and C are in the same closed path
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B	A, B and C are in different paths
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c is in its own pathway	Bulb C is in a separate path
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal has 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
you can see where the gap is	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is in a closed circuit	the battery is in an open path
not seperated by a gap	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
because voltage measures the difference between two points	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The bulb takes away the path.	there is an open path
Bulb C was in an open path,	Bulb C was not in a closed path
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is no difference between the two terminals.	The terminals are in the same state.
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.	each bulb is in its own path
because the terminals are in the same state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
It is an open path.	there is a short circuit
because the the circuit is complete.	the path is not closed
for the same reason as 3	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the path will have a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Because their is a gap between A and C now.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.	there is a short circuit
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
It breaks the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Because it didn"t cause a gap.	each bulb is in its own path
the terminal is connected to the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	A and C are in different paths
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is no closed path	the path is not closed
because it creates a gap in the circuit.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
A is on a cloosed battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.	there is a complete circuit
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.	the path is not closed
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it opens the circuit	there is an open path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
the path passes the energy through the switch	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The open switch makes the path open	there is an open path
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.	the open switch creates a gap
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.	the terminals are not connected
The battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
There will be a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because a closed circuit was formed.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
You can find where there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
it is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
I guess because it is in the center.	Bulb B is in a separate path
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	the battery is in an open path
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is not connected	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on a closed circut path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If the bulb is on the same closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
One side is closed the other side is open.	the battery is in an open path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It is a closed path.	there is no closed path containing the battery
there is a path from bulb to battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap between 3 and positive battery	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no closed path in circuit 4.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a chemical reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
not contained inthe same path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because the two terminals are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
it was still on a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in a circuit
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a gap causes a lost connection	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The electrical state is interferred with.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
because bulb c was in an open path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
a terminal is connected to another terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because each bulb has its own complete path	each bulb is in its own path
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	A and C are in different paths
that the battery connection does not work	there is a short circuit
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The path must be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It has its own path connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
if it is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A has a closed pathway	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it depends on whether its an open or closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The are both connected the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
the two terminals will both be 0	The terminals are in the same state.
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the terminals are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there was a positive and negative connection	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
hollywood will be required occasionally to cast english actors as good guys.	hollywood will also be required to cast english actors to play english characters.
insignificant to you maybe.	insignificant 20 bucks a week isn't?
sorry, agw has been proven.	agw has not been proven.
and this unemployment bill?	about the unemployment bill?
yeah, we love the troops the way michael vick loves dogs.	maher: america loves its troops 'the way michael vick loves dogs' | newsbusters.org
don't cook for him - he's a grown up.	don't worry about him - he's a grown up.
this "plot" smells a rat.	not srs this "plot" smells a rat.
do you know who benefits from profits?	do you know who shareholders are?
that doesn't make any sense.	it just doesn't make sense.
that's why i can no longer support them.	i can no longer support them.
claim: powell claimed that iraq was building long-range remote drones specifically designed to carry biological weapons.	claim: powell claimed that "unnamed sources" confirmed that saddam had authorized his field commanders to use biological weapons.
and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.	and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunities.
what point are you trying to relay?	what are you trying to say?
2. im not sure if i can include my own thoughts surrounding decisions.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
ok, thanks for the explanation.	thanks for the heads up.
for your advice guys!!	for your advice guys...my
i had a dream i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.	a little over a year later i was surronded by bamboo, on my belly and scared.
here's a link to an interview he gave about the spill.	that is what liberty is about, after all.
i just don't get this.	it just doesn't make sense.
i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,	[quote=trajan;4550118] i am sorry for this news to you but this has been the case since...well,
libertarian lunkhead parroting the neocon/teabagger rhetoric...and	or are you truly just another libertarian lunkhead parroting your neocon/teabagger cousin's stupidity?
that's a substantial drop that you are choosing to ignore.	that's what laffer was saying and that's what you are choosing to ignore.
the jooz mushy has to be the odds on favorite.	mushy has to be the odds on favorite.
you left out oil companies, braniac.	opec aren't oil companies, braniac.
eventually we'll all be good with "a full time job with the feds."	i'm all good now i got a full time job with the feds.
i know when one side tries to shut down the debate saying there is a consensus, they're lying.	i know what you're trying to do, but you should aim it at someone who takes the bait.
needs thinking about.	know what im talking about.
presi*dent obama would double it.	president obama would continue that trend.
the gop is fighting for freedom of choice.	so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.
so now it is a fight for freedom of choice.	the gop is fighting for freedom of religion.
because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good peach must be busy.	because gays are yucky and lobster tastes good drinking already?
japan surrendered unconditionally.	germany surrendered in april.
i'm serious about this.	i'm not sure about any of those.
i'm not talking about this year, maggie.	you're not talking about current events.
well they already are taught about homosexuality in schools.	the reality is it is not anyone's focus to actually improve the schools.
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article.	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.	i have called in sick when i wasn't cat...not
the entire caribbean ocean has been poisoned.	the entire caribbean poisoned?
by the way, the truth of the super committee negotiations is that the democrats didn't off one single plan.	i'd say the precedent was set when the democrats gave clinton a pass for lying under oath.
does not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo.	doesn't have the vision to "sustain" apollo?
people forgave clinton for the lying because the question never should have been asked in the first place.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.	you've worn the finish off your coffee table.
they "have" fox because fox news reports on newsworthy events.	i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.
a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.	my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite
it's because the right, that party of "morals", don't have "low" standards.	quite simply because they're pissing on the graves of those who died.
you will cease playing american football.	further, you will stop playing baseball.
however, i have included my objections and concerns i raised at the time and why i objected.	3. im not sure if i can include objections and conerns i raised at the time about decisions.
thank you for pointing me foster.	thank you for your concern pelastration.
so, he is a 'self made man', if you want to quibble over that, fine.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
i agree with there goes trouble.	i am done with this thread.
recession is when a neighbor loses his job.	depression is when you lose yours.
wtf are you babbling about?	wtf is that all about?
it is irrelevant that race is not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it is an observable phenomenon.	being an american is not a valid biological phenomenon either, yet, all of you consider yourselves americans.
president obama would continue that trend.	president obama is doing a bang up job.
did i say i excused it?	where did i say it did?
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
perhaps you would care to offer an alternate theory.	perhaps you should just keep your eye on the situation and see how it goes.
did anybody else find this disturbing?	does anyone else find that astonishing?
sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.	it's whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence.
where were the "tea partiers" in late '08!!!!?????	but where were the public tea parties!!!!!!!!!??????
the anti-semites and nazis, we're already familiar with.	the career conspiracy exploiters and the lunatics they exploit, we're already familiar with.
he now wants to go to court for a contact order.	someone needs to go to jail for that one.
do you even pay attention to current events?	you're not talking about current events.
maybe they don't want to whip up hatred for the sake of ratings?	maybe they don't like race baiting?
six months is the minimum recommended by financial planners.	add into it the disruption of their financial connections.
rslw: because they are horrible, fascist skin head brutes.	vor: you don't think of them as horrible, fascist brutes?
i mean, being a history student..	being a university student.
what are you trying to say?	wtf are you babbling about?
if everyone was the same it would be boring why exactly would it be boring?	if she were here with you now do you think she would want you to be so very unhappy?
is a bank going to help you when you don't even have a job anymore?	is a bank going to invest in a community that has been wiped out?
you grind your coffee beans in your mouth.	your husband sounds lovely, lean on him.
the proper course was taken about nagasaki and hiroshima.	the problem is us, through and through.
about james okeefe and acorn?	what about javier solana?
and even tho sunni man and i often disagree, i like him personally.	friends often say i'm lazy, and i can't disagree a lot of the time.
the trotskyist's obsession with evil big business exploiting the poor worker is way off the mark!	the net result would be devastating to the poorest of the poor.
have you noticed how there are bugger all books about the conservative party?	what makes you think they are our equal now or anytime in the forseeable future?
summer of 1967 becomes the national director of operation breadbasket.	1984 founds the national rainbow coalition.
just can't stop feeling this way.	wish i could stop thinking this way.
that’s normally the case.	that is the entire case.
my understanding of a "bubble" is a sector that is artificially propped up..despite	a bubble is a market that is artificially propped up for any reason.
and that really hurts and i've had enough.	and thats about it - dont know more than that.
i know that bothers you socialists/progressives, but that's the way it is.	man, you socialists/progressives really are lost.
he seemed ok when talking about islam...but	wtf are you talking about?
i checked with my doctor first, because i didn't want to compound the injury.	i saved up for it because i knew i was going to need it.
people are just standing in lines waitin' to become teachers.	are you just being a stupid crank with this neocon/teabagger bs?
i'll be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available.	in the 60s i went to the east coast because that is where the power center is located.
their news coverage has covered it...	this is the wrong thread for this.
for the last 2-3 months he has been spending time with a "lady friend".	you really do need to read what other experts in the field are saying, my friend.
so medical wise there is nothing that would make the dr think that there will be problems.	when they post the 2010 numbers, that will be obama's.
i wonder how this will pan out.	and he spent his money on things he cared about.
neocons have been mistaking the elephant's shit for the elephant.	she does excellent work in the middel east.
the true heroes will be ones that bear the burden of 40 years of political discourse.	we are the home of tesla motors that only the "sean penns" of the world can afford.
no one really concerned about it, until now.	it is all about the entitlements.
what are government officals going to do to make sure that everyone does their part in this.	we have traffic laws that exist for no reason other than to fine motorists.
i recommend a good polysci/history course.	i mean, being a history student..
we always went to the back seat.	so we wanted to be alike.
some of the most expensive violins in the world have disputed labels, but they are works of art nonetheless.	i tried on several occasions to get written replies but they were never forthcoming.
rslw: look, you are trying to put words into my mouth, you are obviously a racist who...	2) so you are saying that it wasn't worth it if it went over a certain cost.
now to address your question on what we plan to do is simple; we as individuals cannot do much.	i would still say that evolution is for a species or population as individuals can't and don't evolve.
no need to tell them at all.	no one really wants to talk about anythiing else.
again, we appreciate your desire for a sovereign canada.	this is england, we are a 3rd world dumping ground for some reason..
i think i have a thing for blonde women...anyhow,	it is a great thing to do.
i'm not suggesting any conspiracy.	that's nothing new in iraq.
buy some exxon stock and you will soon learn to love profitting.	some of us go with fact, you prefer fiction.
smart anything is a bit of a reach for him.	start overpaying as an option also.
i don't even know kevsta 's race; how could i use it against him?	i don't know what is wrong with repubs anymore.
what about actors children?	is what bp should tell them?
like many english, they preferred fewer crowds and more ethnicity.	i thought they were very pretty and elegant.
it is sad but that's where it stands currently.	i am talking about the iraq before and during the gulf war.
it does take the professionalism out of his work, imho.	in the absence of proof using links with facts, your post is opinion.
with everything going on in the world.	has nothing to do with wealth...just
just watched shepard smith.	just stating my mind.
most of the middle east's east coast has a very high number of iranian origin citizens.	cops above the law and criminals glorified over law abiding citizens.
are you saying that if a government doesn't break up a monopoly (cable), it is enforcing the monopoly?	anyone thinking our government is not run by money, is a fool.
he can tell you anything he thinks will keep you pacified.	the only thing that is important is the child.
i think they went over the top in what they did to her.”	in addition, they covered the lodge with materials that didn't allow for decent air flow.
i hope you will read the more updated contract awards that i posted from nasawatch.	you will find you are treated with great respect with that typoe of approach.
but, doesn't the whole affair seem a bit odd?	but look at the other side.
don't really have any advice to offer, just trying to help.	i didn't realize the casualties were that high this year.
the process is run by the prosecutor.	the bf put boxes in the crate to make it smaller.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	is there anything at all that might have caused this you think?
when i was pregnant, someone tried to run me over too.	the loan was originally to combine other debt and buy a new car.
you will learn to make real chips.	you will cease playing american football.
there is no "one" reason behind nuclearization of india.	this won't be the last rise in tuition fees.
vouchers don't improve schools they just provide another alternative for a limited number of students.	your chest does not touch the walls, you just lean into the place where the walls meet.
*shrugs* they have a chance at getting elected just as much as the next party.	i thought the arab league and un had just asked us to implement a no fly zone.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	that was a stupid question and didn't deserve and answer..
unfortunately, all it seemed to do is set a precedent for future pardons.	unfortunatly, florists really rack up the prices for funerals.
talk about ebony & ivory.	that was also about a blow job, of course.
i hear those skills translate real well into a career in government.	ah well, at least it proves that we don't agree with corporal punishment.
and they definitely shouldn't be forcing anyone to pay for someone else's contraception & abortions.	and there will not be any stain on that money abetting abortions.
except he's not wrong about the rightwingnuts setting her up...	we went camping and put them together in the car.
her police detail is reduced.	the police squad rode bicycles alongside the car.
the jury verdict must stand.	the airport seems safe.
the people have a right to know!"	that's not the right way to go.
there will be a regional summit in jone.	they all are/were on some level.
we know about civil rights.	often but i have done it.
we look forward to what he would do for the united states that gorbachev in russia.	well at least it would have made the newspapers look more interesting...
there's your class warfare.	so what's our claim to fame now?
it's real interesting how everything just unfolded like it did.	that's an interesting side issue that may be addressed.
president bush began a string of expensive finan*cial bailouts.	president bush increased federal education spending 58 percent faster than inflation.
matt millen broke down talking about it on espn.	why all the lying about this on your part?
tell that to rick santorum i thought it was obama that started the contraception thing.	he added that nato sent a delegation to meet with local leaders and investigate the incident.
mankind got 'organized'.	obama wined and dined.
survival of the fittest.	i'll toss this into the pot.
covert cia role in yemen proposed - wsj.com	police name suspect in murder of nj police officer - foxnews.com
why did they lose their entire life?	where do other people like to skate?
i did that type of work for a few years.	bill is the bread winner of our family aswell..
and that they havent got..	and that's world wide.
they've stolen her childhood from her.	they've been doing these protests for years.
could it be that the ocean is cooling?	according to it, yes, they can do it.
remember that corporate oil deal where the chinese wanted to buy out unocal?	the appellate court ordered the case back to juvenile court.
i mean not even everyone in hk is a british national - only a proportion of the population are.	but between welfare and living ok is quite a bit of a chasm for a lot of people.
i need to set these things correct so that the record will be clear testimonyat rex's sanity hearing.	the court must take into consideration the technology of the times in their ruling.
the fact that you need so many lawyers and therapists shows that you're not quite ready to be independent.	the fact that nixon and carter were uxorious did not make them good presidents.
you don't remember this post?	remember iran contra?
people who are the technicians to maintain the robots.	those who lead us along this path to bankruptcy are not heroes.
what the police have to find out now is if zimmerman instigated the confrontation.	whatever the amount was, i hope he sold his soul and his ethics for a high amount.
some think flight 93 never crashed.	i think it may be called the family.
all that remained left was to add gravity and a "theory of everything" could be contemplated.	if he had twelve months to do it and he was leasing he could have easily relocated.
it seems that if you help denigrate anti-intellectualism it flags up that you are an intellectual.	it sounds as if your health care coverage rations in the exact same way that private health care does.
if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.	had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner.
and when that happens, it hurts the feelings of our troops.	returned with great quality and a great representation of our firm.
don't ask for help from internet forums on such important issues.	and the idea was to help people connect with volunteer opportunities.
people who design the parts the robots make.	why does it matter that he's black?
we are currently expecting roads to go for 60-80 years without resurfacing.	we once got home just as it got too dark to see without a flashlight.
mostly poor you though!!!	glad your pie rocked though!!
get used to the idea of 4 more years of the oh-boy.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
if you can't see that, you need to repeat the 2nd grade.	and i can't say the gop would be any different if they get in.
the b-52s were 6 miles away.	there seems no hope in these areas.
did that answer your question?	is your health care rationed?
the twenty-seven-year-old man died of four gunshot wounds.	three of the seals being rescued were also killed and the fourth wounded.
lol that must really piss off the repubs who kept harping on how the unions destroyed the auto industry.	ok that explains one more trillion of bush's addition to the national debt.
and even worse, to display the racism, we hate in others.	granted we never took baths together.
had that been on the 5.30pm from victoria it would have been a goner.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
april/may/june 1963 becomes a leader of civil rights demonstrations in greensboro, north carolina.	spring 1966 becomes head of chicago chapter of sclc's operation breadbasket.
and what's happening today is because of what happened, uh, "backward".	quit listening to him because he's such a damned negative nancy.
that's how brainwashed they are.	that was kind of rude.
i've said what i've said, and if you have comprehension problems i cannot help you..	i have not read what she said beyond this site nor do i care what she said.
god has a plan for us all.	dh leaves tonight for work travel.
obama is coat tailing the operations set up by the previous admin.	the arab league is not something that should be taken seriously.
this isn't just an american problem, this is the worlds problem.	to say that it's all america's fault is not correct.
im up to my eyes in debt with virtually no income.	i'll update you with the outcome.
those idiots at the memorial last week...hmmm,	edit: what is this i don't even...
history is pretty clear on this one.	(this is in primary by the way).
however, i believe i've found the disconnect and bolded it above.	however, they have misunderestimated the american people once again.
continued pt three times a week.	got in and out with relative ease the last time i went.
the only people that can afford it are the super rich...	he got bin laden from a place that bush didn't dare to go into.
it's a pretty far-fetched argument, just like those that argue that god or satan made me do it.	it is a pretty sad statement of the times, imo, that things have gotten so bad.
bit of backstory: my dad lived in america (indiana) for the past 7 years.	i have to say im bad and have called in sick before when i wasnt really sick.
so says an anamous message board poster.	my son has adhd and autistic spectrum disorder.
hear a different perspective each time.	but when i went the first time.
which is why i'm not thrilled with the idea of my daughter marrying a human bean...	he's not too thrilled with our history either...
i was always fascinated by history and people's past experiences...	i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.
these people need a dictator who's willing to use mass murder when they step out of line.	most people feel unintelligent and awkward when they first get to uni- you're definitely not alone there.
i chose this, my favorite thread, to make my 20,000th post.	low wages are hard to make it with in the us.
they have no death penalty, no life sentence, and maximum sentence for a crime is 21 years.	dh has not been asked to give a statement, and we assume nor has the cabby.
i was in sever debt which through hard work i am getting out of.	in this instance, i chose the wrong words in my analogy of the situation.
killing in the us is just part of day-to-day life in the us.	it gives me just as good a reason never to use ebay.
the bush administration smeared his name when he could not defend himself.	meditation and exercise are really helpful, so definitely try to do those.
why did one of them attack another with a drill in my school?	what thing has she done and what other thing has she done?
she then said she could not give me their number.	if that is not a self made man i have never heard of one.
most apple juice is too sweet to drink, to me anyway.	my opinion is that bush spent $1 t rillion to get saddam.
bring back the kitten.	being a university student.
i wish paul was a little bit more articulate and less frenetic in his responses.	i was always fascinated by history and people's past experiences...
does this sound like the sensible option.	so what does this have to do with newt?
and why should cops have to accept less benefits?	and you have a problem with this?
look at our manufacturing industry.	look at the bigger picture.
how original of you tm.	how about all of new york state?
now they are set in their ways.	we are at war with al-qaida.
there has always been relative poverty.	hes a good family man and has been a below average president.
“that’s the real danger of obamacare,” giuliani says.	that is the state of class warfare in our society.
and we got some significant things that need doing.	so say those that ruined it.
i don't even know if he had a will, and if so, was it over here?	did anyone tell obama it's dangerous over there?
that surgery was relatively fast (3 hrs?) and no physical side effects, aside from the 70 staples.	i was extremely green and not at all effective for the most part.
here is what you should have asked layton...	they didn't even have a train station...
i agree that there has to be a reasonable amount of secrecy in a case like this.	there has to be a present risk of harm, editec.
#ERROR!	thank you for your concern pelastration.
democrats should be ashamed of this administration and their hyper partisan, dishonest, fear mongering.	in any case, he was busting pretty hard on the administration and the (r) congress for spending like crazy.
so it's an economic not a military invasion.	have been in a similar situation myself.
he can run with palin.	there may be trouble there again.
how about all of new york state?	you've worn out the handle on your favorite mug.
what if they do try very hard at their homework and blow it at the test.	the whole world was astonished and followed the beast.
because they're not shameful liberal media race-baiters.	because he isn't a leader, he is a perpetual campaigner and chief.
i didnt do as well at stanford, by the way.	i didn't want to read and run hun.
easy enough to google to discover the flaws but here is one commentary on it.	it was left up to them to decide whether the first amendment applied.
*drool* she may be a socialist, but at least she's a hot one!	edgar, you may be right - at least in part.
england remains a world power, the rest degenerating under the yoke of socialism.	and i would appreciate armed strangers not trying to manage my own personal safety.
this person is only going to get worse - not better.	there was nobody waiting for me to come home.
it was my stepdad that had said "so and so died of a broken heart" and i would laugh.	hi, since bout a year after i started secondary school i've been getting this shoulder pain.
my bother, aunt, uncle and mysteriously this old women that was also involved in my court case.	not a single word said about the idiocy of someone that poor thinking about mating.
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory	Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Turkish riot police tear gas Taksim Square protest	Turkish riot police enter Taksim Square
Chicago Shooting Shows Gap in Stepped-up Policing	Chicago shooting shows gap in stepped-up policing
Feds move to require car-to-car safety communication	Guatemala overturns former dictator's genocide conviction
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert	Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
North Korea shuns offer of talks	North Korea shoots 2 rockets
Prince Charles 'compares Putin to Hitler'	Prince Charles 'compares Vladimir Putin to Adolf Hitler'
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize	Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
Iran warns against military intervention in Iraq	Explosion near Damascus military airport
Israel PM accuses Iran president of hypocrisy	Greek PM accuses coalition of hypocrisy
One dead in Philadelphia building collapse, others pulled from rubble	Six confirmed dead after Philadelphia building collapse
Police clash with youth in Cairo after anti-Morsi protest	Egypt: Police clash with pro-Morsi protesters
Top Diplomats Meet in Munich at Critical Time	Top Diplomats Discuss Iran's Nuclear Program
Snowden 'given refugee document by Ecuador'	Snowden poised to fly out of Moscow
NA President‚Äôs message on the World Press Freedom Day	Pakistan marks World Press Freedom Day
EU foreign ministers to discuss Syria arms embargo	EU foreign ministers seek solution on Syria arms
Death toll from Philippine earthquake rises to 185	Death toll from Philippines quake rises to 144
Stocks to watch at close on Monday	Stocks to watch on Monday
Army jets kill 38 militants in NW Pakistan air raids	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Egyptian police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo	Police fire tear gas at protesters in Cairo
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM	Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
Philippines holds second senator over corruption	Philippines recovering after powerful typhoon
German envoy optimistic about Iran-G5+1 talks	Iran 'cautiously optimistic' about future nuclear talks
Renowned Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco De Lucia dies	Spanish flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
Chinese icebreaker changes course towards suspicious objects	Chinese search plane finds 'suspicious objects'
Snowden Hits Hurdles in Search for Asylum	Snowden's hits hurdles in search for asylum
Death toll in building collapse in south India mounts to 47	4 killed in building collapse in southern India
Pakistan imposes temporary ban on 2 TV channels	Pakistan Dismisses Case against FBI Agent
Palestinian prisoners arrive at Muqata in Ramallah	Pakistani prisoner assaulted in Jammu jail
10 dead, five injured in SW China road accident	5 hurt in Gaza City car accident
Matt Smith quits BBC‚Äôs Doctor Who	Matt Smith quits BBC's Doctor Who
Thai junta amasses security force to smother Bangkok protests	Thai junta security forces stay in barracks as protests dwindle
Aso refuses to resign over Nazi comments	Spanish PM refuses to resign over corruption scandal
Explosions kill 29 outside two mosques in Lebanon's Tripoli	2 explosions rock city in northern Lebanon
Pakistan fighter jets bomb 'Taliban hideouts'	Pakistan wants arms supply to Syrian sides stopped
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter	China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
Gunmen Kill Eight In Second Kenya Attack	Gunmen 'Kill 15' In Second Kenya Attack
U.S. resumes search for missing British sailors after public	US Coast Guard suspends search for missing British sailors
Rescuers scour debris after India buildings collapse	Select images from Bangladesh building collapse
Iraqi Bomb Attacks Kill At Least 13	Iraqi Car Bomb Near Church Kills At Least 14
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia	Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
Egypt forces set to block access to Morsi protest camps	Egyptian forces move to clear pro-Morsi protest camps
Nobel author Doris Lessing dies at 94	Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Japan's opposition party chief criticizes Abe's economic policies	Zimbabwe‚Äôs opposition MDC party challenges Robert Mugabe‚Äôs election win
3 Suspects Taken Into Custody in Boston Bombing Case	Boston police say 3 taken into custody in Marathon bombing
Ukraine's opposition chief wants more protests	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue
Queen pays tribute to Nelson Mandela	South Africa's rugby fraternity mourns Mandela
Declines in US stock market moderate	Tech sell-off sends Asian stock markets lower
Latest Anti-Muslim Violence in Burma Kills 1, Injures 10	World Briefing | Asia: Myanmar: Deadly Anti-Muslim Violence Flares Up
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Tuesday October 29, 2013
22 killed in mine accident in southwestern China	2 killed, dozens injured by blast in southwest Pakistan
NYPD Twitter Outreach Backfires Badly	NYPD's twitter campaign backfires
19 hurt in New Orleans shooting	Police: 19 hurt in NOLA Mother's Day shooting
Another migrant ship capsizes off Italy	Another migrant boat capsizes off Italy, 27 dead
Turkish search ends as last missing miners found	Turkish Search Ends as Last Missing Miners Found
Iran predicts failure of Israeli-Palestinian peace talks	Tentative Deal Reached to Resume Israeli-Palestinian Talks - US
Olivia Colman wins second BAFTA Award	Baftas 2013: Olivia Colman picks up two awards
Titanic Violin Nabs Record $1.4 Million	Titanic violin sells for $1.7 million
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage	Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
JAL's first order from Airbus is blow to Boeing	Japan Airlines orders 31 Airbus A350s valued at $9.5 bn
Sienna Miller testifies at UK phone hacking trial	Sienna Miller attacks press for ‚Äėtitillating‚Äô reports at hacking trial
Israelis attack 2 Palestinians in Jerusalem area	Settlers Beat up Palestinian in Jerusalem
EU extends sanctions against Russia	Nigeria drops arms trafficking charges against Russian sailors
Cuba sees "major role" for foreign investment	House set to vote on plan to reopen government
‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room	Cory Monteith found dead: Canadian ‚ÄėGlee‚Äô star was 31
Iranian president makes debut on world stage	Iran presidential candidate says western sanctions should be broken
Scores Killed In Egyptian Protests	Turkey's PM Warns Against Protests
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible	US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
Cameron 'has no concerns' over halal meat	Veterans health probe confirms cover-up of care delays
Michelle Obama To Star In Parks And Recreation	Michelle Obama to appear on 'Parks and Recreation'
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct	Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
World's oldest man dies at 116	World's oldest ever man dies aged 116
GM slow on recalls, Congress record shows	mobile world congress future smartphone
Death toll in Lebanon bombings rises to 47	1 suspect arrested after Lebanon car bombings kill 45
Greek far-right leader imprisoned pending trial	Greek Far-Right Leader Imprisoned Pending Trial
Bangladesh factory owners arrested as death toll nears 350	Bangladesh factory owners arrested
4 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai ambush	3 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai car bombing
Beijing's Aircraft Carrier Returns from South China Sea	China sends carrier to South China Sea
Egypt courts hear cases against Mubarak, Islamists	Egypt court temporarily releases Mubarak over illicit gains
Moscow's Crimea success could lead to it redrawing Ukraine's eastern border	Merkel: Russian actions could lead to a catastrophe
Nelson Mandela dies aged 95	Nelson Mandela Dies at Age 95
Belgian King Albert II to step down in favor of son	Belgium King Albert II 'to abdicate'
Nazi Gestapo chief 'buried in Jewish cemetery'	Nazi chief buried in Jewish cemetary
Swiss vote on highest minimum wage	Swiss cast ballots on world's highest minimum wage
Kevin Rudd sworn in as Australian prime minister	Rudd sworn in as Australia's new Prime Minister
Donetsk Region Protesters Detain Trucks Carrying Government Rocket Ammo	Come and get me, says Thai protest leader as anti-government riots grow
Easy Rider star Karen Black dies aged 74	Easy Rider Actress Karen Black Dies Of Cancer
Coronation Street's Bill Roache Arrested	Coronation Street stars hail 'amazing' new set
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal	Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Red Sox beat Tigers to reach World Series	Red Sox beat Tigers 5-2 to advance to World Series
At Least 22 Dead After China Earthquake	At least 89 dead in China earthquakes
News is my Business	A New iPad Is Coming
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory	Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
Rosberg emulates father with Monaco win	FORMULA 1: Rosberg stays modest despite Monaco win
Glasgow helicopter death toll rises to nine	Earthquake death toll rises to 260
David Beckham to retire at end of season	David Beckham Retires From Football
Afghanistan: suicide bomber kills eight in military bus blast	Roadside bomb 'kills eight Afghan soldiers'
China sacks top economic official	China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
N. Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korea's Kim seen behind sacking of powerful uncle
EU, Myanmar work toward investment protection agreement	China no longer top investment destination: poll
Tehelka editor embroiled in sex assault scam	Tehelka editor steps down after allegations of sexual misconduct
Iron Lady Margaret Thatcher dies at 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Four Morsi supporters killed in Egypt clashes	Thousands of Morsi supporters gather in Egypt
U.N. condemns ethnic killings in South Sudan oil town	UN Condemns Ethnic Killings in South Sudan
Feds drop 'morning-after pill' appeal	US to allow morning-after pill for girls of any age
Police fire tear gas at protesters in Bangkok	Police fire tear gas at protesters
Shooting, protests mar Thai voting	Thai protesters disrupt advance voting
China stock index futures close lower -- April 23	China stock index futures close higher -- Dec. 4
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast	Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
Seven Filipinos slain in Yemen attack	Syrian soldiers killed in bomb attack
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ	Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan
Israel ends airstrike case; Palestinians critical	Israeli gunboats fire at Palestinian fishermen
Protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Brooks pleads not guilty to hacking charges	Dave Lee Travis pleads not guilty to all charges
Iran 'thwarts nuclear sabotage attempts'	Iran says detects sabotage at nuclear facility
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win	Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China Yuan Strengthens to 6.168 against USD Monday
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement	Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests continue in Ukraine despite concessions
Queen visits London soldier attack scene	Queen Elizabeth II visits barracks of UK soldier slain last week
India and China troops retreat to de facto border in face-off deal	India says China agrees retreat to de facto border in faceoff deal
Relief in Boston as second suspect captured	Police confirm how suspect was captured
Syrian army retakes Crusader castle from rebels	Syrian army retakes historic Crusader castle
Saudi to give Lebanese army $3 billion	Saudi Arabia to grant Lebanese army $3 billion
Red Cross workers released in Ukraine	Red Cross members kidnapped in Syria
Syria envoy says no peace talks without opposition	Syria: Cameron and Obama move west closer to intervention
Queen to name biggest ever carrier	Queen names giant aircraft carrier
Bangla militants escape from prison van in bomb ambush	Bangladesh prison van ambushed
Wreckage of Air Algerie plane carrying 116 people found in Mali	Wreckage from AirAlgerie flight AH5017 found in Mali
Influential Palestinians Seek One Democratic State	Arab League Backs Palestinian Stance in Peace Talks
Dozens killed in Russian plane crash	Ten killed in Alaska plane crash
Southwest jet hit nose first	Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
U.S. retailers agree to Bangladesh plant safety pact	70 retailers agree to new Bangladesh factory safety pact
US government shutdown begins - live updates	Government Shutdown Begins Over Health Care Feud
Suicide bomber kills 14 in Afghanistan	Suicide blast kills 1 in Afghan capital
China launches probe and rover to moon	China launches first moon rover mission
All eyes on Khurshid‚Äôs trip ...	EU finance ministers‚Äô talks b...
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rate to record low 2.75%
Chinese News Agency Slams Delays in Search for Jet	Ten Chinese vessels on standby for jet search
Classic crossword - Saturday 1st June	Classic crossword - Saturday 20th April
N Korea test-fires 30 short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
Palestinian diplomat dies in Prague blast	Palestinian diplomat killed in explosion in Prague
Protesters clash with police in Caracas	Protesters Clash with Police in Brazil
Novice 'steered South Korea ferry'	South Korea ferry captain arrested
Chinese president meets Indian vice president	Chinese president meets U.S. state secretary
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
Teenage girl killed in east London Shereka Marsh was shot in the neck, police say	Hackney shooting: Teenager Shereka Marsh 'bled to death after being shot in neck'
Death toll in Nairobi attack rises to 59	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
China's Peace Ark departs for the Philippines Thursday	China sends aid team to Philippines
France cleared to impose controversial 'millionaire tax'	Manila to increase counter-terror team
Iran dissidents 'killed in Iraq'	France loses influence in Europe
James Gandolfini dies aged 51	Nelson Mandela dies aged 95
Nearly nine million people in 'severe debt'	Britain's debt timebomb: Nine million are in 'serious debt'
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie	Egypt braces for more violence as Muslim Brotherhood calls 'march of anger'
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Report of two explosions at finish line of Boston Marathon
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train	Five killed by bomb blast in East India
The new Cold War	A new Cold War?
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia	6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Cuba's 'Ladies' to pick up EU prize 8 years late	Cuba's 'Ladies' to Pick Up EU Prize 8 Years Later
Fourteen killed in Brazil bus accident	Two killed in Arizona skydiving accident
US: Assad used chemical weapons on Syria rebels	Assad agrees to hand over chemical weapons
Death Toll in Bangladesh Collapse at 194	At least 200 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Israeli teens missing in West Bank	Israel finds bodies of three missing teens in West Bank
President mourns death of Mandela	World mourns passing of Mandela
Two blasts near Iranian embassy in Beirut, 7 killed	Blast near Iran embassy in Beirut
Israel expands subsidies to settlements	Israel widens settlement subsidies
Singapore shares open 0.31% higher on Monday	Singapore shares open lower on Monday
Suicide bomber kills 23 Iraqi army recruits	Suicide bomber kills 13 Iraqi army recruits in Baghdad
Syrian forces hit mosque with barrel bomb, kill 5	Hunting for clues in Boston bombing
Deaf customers sue Starbucks, say they're mocked	Deaf NY Starbucks patrons sue, say they're mocked
Thousands evacuated in Moscow metro fire	Thousands evacuated after fire breaks out in Moscow Metro
38 killed in rains, flash floods in Pakistan	Three killed in Brazil stadium collapse
7 killed by Shiite al-Houthi fighters in northern Yemen	At least 5 killed in sectarian conflict in north Yemen
Iran excluded from Syria peace talks: UN	Many killed in Syrian air strike
Libya asks UN Security Council for help	Kerry Calls On UN Security Council to Act on Syria
Kerry call on Congress to end shutdown	Brazil's Congress approves internet legislation
Canada train plot suspects reject charges	Canadians released in Egypt, not yet heading home
East Ukraine Separatists Ask to Join Russia	Crimean Parliament Votes to Join Russia
Rudd sworn in as new Australian PM	Muslims in hiding as sectarian ...
Moon rocks indicate earth's orb born of collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state	Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô
BlackBerry loses US$965m in Q2	BlackBerry loses $965M in 2nd quarter
Colombia strike three times	Colombia too slick for Greece
Tornadoes level homes in Oklahoma, 1 dead	Tornadoes hit Kan., Okla.; no injuries reported
Egypt strongly opposes military action against Syria	Reactions to the prospect of military action against Syria
Pro-Russia rebels downed Malaysian plane: Ukraine	Russia Preparing Counterproposals Over Ukraine
No argument with Jakarta on boats: Abbott	No agreement at Iran nuclear talks
US believes Syria has probably used chemical weapons	US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons
Egypt's opposition criticizes president's speech	Pakistan's opposition party boycotts presidential elections
Syrian war seen dragging on for years	Syria regime releases hundreds of prisoners
Russia says ballistic missiles fired in Mediterranean	Israel says it carried out joint missile test with US in Mediterranean
Volcano erupts in Indonesia -100,000 evacuated and airports closed	Volcanic eruption closes 3 airports
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	2 killed, 11 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Ukraine's Yanukovych says he does not plan to resign	Ukraine opposition demands Yanukovich resign
Flash floods kill 58 in eastern Afghanistan	Bomb wounds 16 in eastern Afghanistan
Investigators probe motives of LAX airport shooter	Investigators Probe Motives of Los Angeles Airport Shooter
Margaret Thatcher, former U.K. PM, dead at 87	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Outrage after reports emerge about 6-year-old Indian girl raped at school	Outrage After Indian Girl, 6, Raped at Her School
Janet Yellen to become first woman to lead the Federal Reserve	US Senate confirms Janet Yellen as US Federal Reserve chief
World powers, Iran under Rouhani revive nuclear talks	World powers seek rare progress in Iran nuclear talks
Muslim Brotherhood banned in Egypt	Military holds upper hand in Egypt
More Deaths Expected in Canada Oil Train Explosion	Five dead in Canada train crash
Philippines defers comment on Taiwan fisher attack	Bin Laden's continuing sway shown in Kenya mall attack
Crowds, Dignitaries Gather for Mandela Memorial Service	Obama takes 'selfie' at Mandela's funeral service
Obama Urges Restraint from Israelis, Palestinians	Obama meets Israeli, Palestinian negotiators
Russia releases Greenpeace doctor	Russian court releases Greenpeace ship doctor on bail
Russian aircraft wreckage found after a year	Russia evacuates embassy in Libya after attack
17 killed in US drone attack on Yemen wedding party	U.S. drone mistakenly kills 14 in Yemen wedding convoy
China manufacturing index at 11-month low: HSBC	China manufacturing expands in September
France to ban child beauty pageants	Facebook to test mobile payments service
Today in History, Dec. 2	Today in History, April 23
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James	Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
Ships Train for Syrian Chemical Weapons Transport	UN Adopts Syrian Chemical Weapons Resolution
Death toll rises to 29 in India's Mumbai building collapse	Death toll rises to 12 in Indonesia mine collapse
Extremists claim responsibility for Niger attacks	Greek militant group claims responsibility for Golden Dawn killings
Pro-Russians forces enter Ukrainian naval base in Crimea	Crimean forces storm Ukrainian navy headquarters
Body of missing South Korean shipping tycoon found in field	Sewol ferry disaster: Body of South Korean shipping tycoon found
No update on Nelson Mandela's condition	Nelson Mandela's condition improves
One dead in US building collapse	Six killed in US building collapse
Ukraine: Nine people die in Kyiv clashes	Ukraine pressured over Kiev clashes
US Flying Surveillance Missions to Help Find Kidnapped Nigerian Girls	US surveillance aircraft join hunt for kidnapped Nigerian girls
6.4-magnitude quake strikes off Indonesia	6.9-magnitude quake strikes off Russia's Kuril Islands
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims	Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks	CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Prince George is christened at St James's Palace	Prince George christened in London
Monty Python to reunite for new show	Monty Python to reunite on stage
Italian Foreign Minister confers with Ghana VP	Belgian Prime Minister sends condolences to victims
Gunman who held suburban Atlanta firefighters hostage now dead, police say	The Lede: Video: Gunman Takes Firefighters Hostage in Georgia
Bradley Manning-WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing	Manning WikiLeaks case turns to sentencing phase
Police helicopter crashes into pub in Glasgow - several casualties	Helicopter crashes into roof of Glasgow club
Egypt poll: 98 per cent vote 'yes' for new constitution	Egypt holding key vote on constitution
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
Israeli forces arrest 6 Palestinians in overnight West Bank raids	Israel classifies Jerusalem natives as noncitizens
Hague 'concerns over conduct' of Zimbabwe election	Zimbabwe: 'Grave Concerns' Over Election
Hong Kong stocks end higher	Indian stocks open higher
Dignitaries pay tribute to Paul Desmarais	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Southwest grounds flights due to computer glitch	Southwest flights delayed, canceled after computer glitch
Vatican Embassy in Syria hit by mortar fire	Vatican embassy in Syria hit by mortar; no injuries
North Korea blocks access to joint industrial zone	North Korea Blocks Access to Key Industrial Zone
Gunmen 'kill 10 tourists' in Kashmir	Gunmen kill four in Kenya church attack
Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani	Gunmen Kill 11 Foreign Tourists in Pakistan
'Western' forces attack Islamic militant base in Somalia	Western powers scramble to befriend Modi
Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally on handover anniversary	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Iraq	Suicide bomber attacks primary school in Iraq, kills 15
Major fire breaks out in JK secretariat in Srinagar	Fire breaks out near secretariat in Srinagar
Five children buried alive in Bohol landslide	Nine children die in attack in Afghanistan attack
6 Killed by Hot Lava as Indonesia Volcano Erupts	Five dead in Indonesian eruption
At least 11 killed in India building collapse	At Least 66 Killed in Bomb Blasts in Iraq
Egypt's presidential election begins	Egypt issues long-waited presidential election law
Son of US evangelist kills himself The son of popular US evangelist Rick Warren has killed himself.	Son of popular US evangelist Warren kills himself
China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation released at 16th China-EU Summit	Full text: China-EU 2020 Strategic Agenda for Cooperation
Italian parliament backs new PM	Train Derailment Kills 4 in New York
Russian lawmakers pass new bill restricting Internet	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan	Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'	Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Super Typhoon Haiyan, Strongest of Season, Slams the Philippines	Super typhoon Haiyan closes in on the Philippines
Nato condemns Ukraine crackdown	Thai bonds best in region
China to investigate EU wine exports	Christie investigation heats up
Chinese shares close higher on Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Conan O'Brien at the White House Correspondents' Dinner	Obama and O'Brien Cast Their Versions of D.C. White House Correspondents' Dinner
Boston bomb suspect charged; religious motive seen	Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed
Asian markets mixed on China trade data	Asian markets slump on central bank stimulus fears
World's oldest person dies in Japan at 116	Jiroemon Kimura: World's oldest person dies aged 116
Foreign exchange rates in India	Foreign exchange rates in Singapore
Colorado wildfire destroys more than 90 homes as winds worsen	Colorado wildfire may be biggest property destroyer in state history
Global progress seen in ending death penalty	Iran diplomat: progress being made in expert-level talks
Earthquake of 6.3 magnitude strikes off Indonesia island	Earthquake of 6 magnitude strikes Thailand
US, Afghan govt to hold peace talks with Taliban	Pakistan holds direct talks with Taliban
News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (January 22 ‚Äď 28, 2014)	News of Terrorism and the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict (July 31 ‚Äď August 6, 2013)
'It's either too late or too early to intervene in Syria'	UN Chief: Inspectors need 4 days to conclude probe in Syria
Greek police arrest German on suspicion of spying	Israel press bemoans price of talks resumption
Iran's nuclear negotiating team leaves for Kazakhstan	Iran's nuclear quest 'has cost Tehran over $100 billion'
U.S factory orders down 0.7 pct in January	German factory orders rebound in January
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack	Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Gunmen Surround Libya's Foreign Ministry To Push Demands	Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Typhoon death toll rises to 3633	Egyptian death toll rises to 638
Uganda's president signs anti-gay bill	Uganda's president signs harsh anti-gay law
Russian parliament allows Putin to use military in Ukraine	Russia has no intention to incorporate southeastern Ukraine: FM
Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy	Wikileaks soldier Bradley Manning acquitted of aiding the enemy
G7 'to intensify Russia sanctions'	Ukraine Fears Russian Invasion
Rock bands' plane makes emergency landing in Ill.	Rock Bands' Plane Makes Emergency Landing in Ill.
Russian Prime Minister On Second Day Of Crimea Visit	Russia warns against setting preconditions for Syria
Judge OKs force-feeding California inmates	U.S. judge approves force-feeding Californian inmates on hunger strik
Gang violence kills 16 in Venezuelan prison	Sixteen killed in Venezuela prison
UN Chemical Weapons Experts to Visit Syria	US Says Chemical Weapons Used in Syria
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China	Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
US Military Deaths in Afghanistan at 2,153	U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Israel, Palestinians seek another meeting Monday: U.S. official	Palestinians: We Don't Want Kerry Mission to Fail
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons	Syria FM: We will stop producing chemical weapons
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen poised to make landfall
Seamus Heaney, Irish Poet of Soil and Strife, Dies at 74	Seamus Heaney, Irish poet and Nobel winner, dies at 74
Bangladesh Islamists rally against atheist bloggers	Bangladeshi Islamists rally to demand action against atheist bloggers
Crash of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17 in Eastern Ukraine	Malaysia Airlines plane crashes on Ukraine-Russia border
Suicide bomber kills 13 at restaurant in central Somalia	Suicide bomber kills at least 4 in Kabul
Anthony Weiner slips to fourth place in new poll	Weiner falls to fourth in new NYC mayoral poll
India accuses China of crossing de facto border	Senate, House on collision course on border money
Pregnant Sudan woman who married a Christian man sentenced to death for 'apostasy'	Sudan frees Christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy
US top diplomat Kerry's wife rushed to hospital	US Secretary of State John Kerry‚Äôs wife rushed to hospital
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election	Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
Kerry pursuing 'quiet strategy' in Mideast peace process	Kerry meets Israeli leaders to push Mideast peace
North Korea says to restart nuclear reactor	North Korea Offers Talks: Complex May Re-Open
Egyptian court considers Mubarak‚Äôs release	Egypt court orders Mubarak release
Suicide bomber kills eight, wounds 13 in Afghan capital - police	Suicide bomb kills 4 in Syrian capital's Old City
Boston bombing suspect charged in hospital bed	One week later: Boston honors bombing victims; suspect unable to speak
More rain hampers Indian flood rescue	US tourist gang-raped in northern India: Police
A look at major terror attacks in East Africa	UN Security Council slams deadly terrorist attack in Kenyan capital
Russia responds to Ukraine ceasefire	Cyprus probes Ukraine assets
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army	Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
Kim Jong-un Executed His 'Worse Than a Dog' Uncle	NKorea executes Kim Jong Un' uncle
Colourful support at World Cup in Brazil	Merkel to attend World Cup final
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine	Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Fatah endorses refusal to recognise Israel	Pakistan Denounces Latest Drone Attack
Attack kills 12 in Afghanistan	NATO: 3 troops killed in Afghanistan attack
Mandela remains in hospital	Mandela remains in 'intensive care'
South Korea Ferry Crew Members Stand Trial	Sewol ferry crew faces trial
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Egypt votes on new constitution	Egyptians Voting on New Constitution
US drone strike kills six in Pakistan officials	U.S. drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan
Vietnam detects signals from missing plane	China expands search area for missing plane
Cricket-England v Australia fourth test scoreboard	Cricket-England 155-4 v Australia, fourth test - tea
Birthday of DPRK to Be Celebrated in Peru	Curiosity Rover Celebrates 1 Year on Mars
Powerful 7.6 quake strikes off Solomons	Powerful 6.9 quake strikes off California coast
India Ink: Image of the Day: May 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: January 16
Australia leader ousted in snap leadership vote	Australian PM Gillard ousted in leadership vote
Obama condemns Egypt violence, cancels military exercises	Pakistan condemns violence in Egypt
Argentina declares mourning for flood victims	Parents demands common forms for nursery admissions
Food poisoning kills at least 20 children in India	Baghdad cafe bombing kills at least 38
Prince's christening a blend of old and new	When is Prince George's christening? Baptism plan, royal baby's godparents and all the details
What the Papers Say, May 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Nov. 19, 2013
Google releases Nexus 5 phone with Kit Kat	Google redesigns search results on PCs
Bombing Aimed at Hezbollah Hits Southern Beirut	Explosion Hits Hezbollah Area South of Beirut
U.S., allies to add sanctions against Russia over Ukraine	EU Slaps New Sanctions on Russia Over Ukraine
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital	Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
Factories that ran on Korean cooperation go silent	North and South Korea break their silence with talks
Chinese premier meets Indian vice president	Hezbollah urges to elect new Lebanese president
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council	Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
Algerian president in France for medical tests	Algerian president in France for medical tests after minor stroke
Islamists still holding some 30 hostages as Kenya mall standoff continues	Death toll rises as Kenya mall siege continues
Manchester City wins second Premier League title in three years	Manchester City win English Premier League title
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan	US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
Bodies of MH17 crash victims flown to Netherlands	MH17 dead flown back to Netherlands
Egypt policeman killed in Sinai attack	Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai attack
Extension likely for Iran nuclear talks	Oil slips below $108 ahead of Iran nuclear talks
Fire kills 38 in Russian psychiatric institution	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Russia Warns It May Not Sign Landmark UN Arms Treaty	UN closes in on landmark arms treaty
Didier Reynders on Syria	Obama's day: Prime time on Syria
North Korea: experts call for dialogue ‚Äď and say China must play a part	North Korea cuts last ties with South by barring joint industrial park
China stocks open higher Monday	China stocks close lower on Thursday
Sony Xperia Z2 and Nokia‚Äôs X series unveiled	Court orders political ban on Italy‚Äôs Berlusconi
New coronavirus can probably can be passed person to person- WHO	WHO: New virus can probably pass person to person
Mandela back in hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition	Nelson Mandela returns to hospital in ‚Äėserious but stable‚Äô condition
East Harlem explosion death toll rises	Mexico storm death toll continues to rise
Ukrainian Prime Minister resigns amid protests	British Prime Minister condemns murder of teens
Royal Hoax DJ Takes Action Against Station	Taliban bombs US base in Afghanistan
Arsenal v Stoke City ‚Äď live!	Tottenham v Manchester City ‚Äď live!
Business news and markets: as it happened, April 17, 2013	Business news and markets: as it happened, June 20, 2013
Zoo worker dies after tiger attack	Indian-origin teacher dies after attack in New Zealand
Iran, world powers begin new round of nuclear talks	Iran, world powers pledge new nuclear talks
Tropical Storm Karen targets US Gulf Coast	Tropical Storm Karen weakens as it nears U.S. Gulf Coast
Workers killed in India building collapse	76 killed in Bangladesh building collapse
Six killed in drone strike in N Waziristan	12 killed in bus accident in Pakistan
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base	8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
North Korea fires three short-range missiles	N. Korea fires short-range missiles
17 govt employees killed in Pakistan bus bombing	At least 78 killed in Pakistan church bombing
Car Bomb Kills 37 in Northwest Pakistan	Bomb kills three in northwest Pakistan
Malaysia Airlines loses contact with plane carrying 239 to Beijing	Malaysia Airlines plane vanishes on flight to Beijing
Microsoft says to cut up to 18,000 jobs	Microsoft to cut 18,000 jobs in overhaul
Malaysians vote in polls for stability or change	Malaysia elections: Malaysians vote with power at stake for first time
Fire destroys ancient Tibetan town in China	Fire destroys Tibetan town in China
Yahoo agrees to buy Tumblr for $1.1 billion cash	Yahoo to Buy Tumblr for $1.1 Billion
India starts voting in world's largest election	India voters kick off world‚Äôs biggest election
Car bomb in northern Syria kills at least 12	Syrian airstrikes kill at least 18 in Aleppo
Philippine quake death toll climbs to 73	Death toll in Philippines quake jumps to 85
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday	Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
Search ends for missing asylum-seekers	Search narrowed for missing man
Ukrainian President orders 7-day ceasefire in the east	Uganda's President Museveni agrees to sign anti-gays Bill
At least 12 dead in Washington ...	At least 150 dead as strong quake hits southwest Balochistan
ICC Champions Trophy: India vs South Africa	Champions Trophy: India v South AfricaLive
Supreme Court takes on affirmative action in Michigan ban case	Supreme Court to hear Michigan affirmative action case
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Sept 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Nov 21
Cyclone leaves trail of destruction in India	Cyclone Phailin evacuation kept Indian villagers alive
Taliban kill 15 police in west Afghanistan	US drone kills two in eastern Afghanistan
Thousands rally to support embattled Tunisia government	Thousands gather to support Islamist government in Tunisia
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead	US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
South Africa's Mandela taken to hospital	Nelson Mandela taken to hospital
Updated - Two explosions near finish line of Boston Marathon	Two explosions at Boston Marathon finish line
At least two killed in southern Egypt clash	At least 18 killed in North Caucasus train station blast
Winter Storm Ion: State-By-State...	Winter Storm Janus: State-by-State...
Corpses Of 53 Men Found South Of Baghdad	Iraqi officials: 50 bodies found south of Baghdad
Bomb attacks kill 20 in Baghdad's Christian areas	Bombs Kill 35 in Baghdad Christian Area
China sets Bo Xilai trial date	China Bo Xilai trial in fourth day
Muslims prepare for start of Ramadan	Muslims pray for end to divisions
Japan scrambles jets against Russian military planes	Separatists down Ukraine military plane, several dead
Thousands of Britons claim dole in Germany	Thousands of white-clad Amsterdammers march for MH17
Suspected U.S. drone strike kills 5 in Pakistan	Suspected US drone targets Islamic seminary in Pakistan
Obama to sign up for Obamacare	Obama visits tornado hit Oklahoma
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch	46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
General Electric posts 9% profit drop for third quarter	GE posts 9% profit drop for third quarter
China yuan weakens to 6.1535 against USD	China yuan strengthens to new high against USD
Israel 'bombs' Syria as envoy presses peace talks bid	Fierce clashes in east Syria as US pushes peace talks
Russia finds dead lawyer Magnitsky guilty in posthumous trial	Russia convicts dead lawyer Magnitsky in posthumous trial
'Trayvon could have been me'	Trayvon Martin could have been ...
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence	Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
China sends largest fleet yet to disputed islands	China ships enter waters off disputed islands
US, Russia enter third day of Syria talks	US and Russia agree Syria arms deal in Geneva
Kerry's plan for restarting talks calls for release of 103 Palestinian inmates	Kerry plan to include prisoner release, settlement freeze
Police: Explosion in Belfast Cathedral Quarter	Explosion in Kabul a suicide attack in diplomatic area
Syrians Protest against Erdogan in Paris, Venezuelans Stress Support to Syria	Turkey's Erdogan in Iran to mend ties after split over Syria
Prime Minister to seek nuclear deal, investments during Japan visit	Manmohan hopes to clinch nuclear deal with Japan
US postpones missile test over N Korea tensions	Embassies staying put in N. Korea despite tension
Obama to meet privately with family of Nelson Mandela	Obama to meet with Mandela family
At least six dead in US shooting rampage	At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks
Gunmen kill 10 in Philippine political violence	Five killed in Philippines volcano eruption
Israel downs drone from Lebanon	Israel shoots down drone from Lebanon
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks	Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Israel approves release of first group of Palestinian prisoners ahead of peace talks	Syrian opposition confirms participation in peace talks
Deadly clashes as Egypt marks anniversary	Violent clashes mark anniversary of Egypt uprising
Australia cuts rates to record low	Australia cuts interest rates to record low
NATO: 5 Americans killed in southern Afghanistan	Roadside bomb kills 3 policemen in southern Afghanistan
Conmen dressed as women steal cash	CCTV: York conmen dress as women to trick pensioners
Cleveland Kidnapper Ariel Castro Found Hanged in Prison Cell	Cleveland kidnapper Ariel Castro found hanging in his cell
Syria opposition unity take face specter of collapse	Syria divided opposition struggles within wider Syrian struggle
Google Unveils Prototype Self-Driving Car	Google Unveils Concept Self-Driving Car
Bangladesh garment factory fire 'kills 8'	Bangladesh garment factory collapse kills 149
US seeks to reassure wary Gulf allies over Iran deal	Hagel seeks to reassure jittery Gulf allies after Iran deal
Ukraine hosts ‚Äėunity talks‚Äô	Pope hits out at ‚Äėwar to sell arms‚Äô in Syria
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief	Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
Greece suspends state broadcaster	Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Pakistan's Musharraf Under Arrest in Bhutto Assassination	Pakistan's Musharraf arrives at court for first time
Trial Date Set for Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Chief	Syria's Muslim Brotherhood faces uphill battle
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide	Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Red panda‚Äôs short-lived zoo escape	India‚Äôs march to Mars
Israeli doctors could be tried abroad for force-feeding Palestinian prisoners	Israel's West Bank control 'costing Palestinian economy billions'
Washington Pot Shops Prepare for Historic Sales	Washington pot shops prepare for historic sales
Rio airport workers strike on eve of FIFA World Cup	Rio de Janeiro airport workers strike on eve of World Cup
International forensic teams join Kenyan mall carnage probe	Arrested Briton 'not significant' to Kenya attack probe
Son of top Muslim Brotherhood leader killed	Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood leader Badie
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal	Iran, six world powers clinch breakthrough nuclear deal
Hot-Air Balloon Catches Fire in Virginia	Hot Air Balloon 'Catches Fire And Crashes'
Quotes from leaders, family at Mandela memorial	World unites for Mandela memorial
Mumbai Indians puts T&T in its place	Indonesians vote for president in tight race
KL shares remain higher mid-afternoon	KL shares continue uptrend mid-afternoon
What the Papers Say, Nov. 20, 2013	What the Papers Say, Oct. 10, 2013
Amazon launches new device for streaming video	Amazon unveils new Fire TV streaming video box
Palestinian President Receives Jordanian Foreign Minister	Palestinian arrested for sexually harassing young girls
Obama nominates new transportation secretary	Obama To Meet Embattled Veterans Secretary
China yuan weakens to 6.1059 against USD	China yuan strengthens to 6.1070 against USD Friday
French raid wine cellar for austerity auction	US praises Ukraine deal; calls for concrete action
Obama signs law aimed at barring Iran UN envoy	Obama urges no new sanctions on Iran
US, Russia agree on seizure of Syria chemical weapons	Syrian rebels skeptical of chemical weapons deal
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel	Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
S Korea MPs to visit Kaesong complex	S. Korea demands talks with N. Korea on closed factory
Algerian priest to lecture about Christian heritage in N. Africa	Telstra applies to list China site in NY
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on April 5	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on August 18
Implications of Palestinian reconciliation	Belgian king to address nation amid abdication speculation
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38	38 feared dead in Russian psychiatric hospital fire
Hijacker arrested after plane lands at Geneva Airport	Hijacked aircraft lands in Geneva
PCB appoints Waqar Younis as head coach	Waqar Younis back as Pakistan coach
US makes case for action against Syria	Saudi Urges U.N. Action against Israel Strikes on Syria
Ankara protesters clash with police	Peru protesters clash with police
DPRK leader calls for better ties with S.Korea	North Korea urges foreigners to leave South Korea
49 killed, 148 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	15 killed, 90 wounded in fresh attacks in Iraq
Iran, sextet to resume expert talks	Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Puerto Rican arrested for production of child pornography	Indian guru arrested on suspicion of rape
Ukraine signs EU trade pact as Russia finalizes Crimea annexation	Ukraine's top court dismisses Crimea's independence as "unconstitutional"
Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127	Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Chinese, Russian FMs exchange opinions on Ukraine crisis	Chinese president arrives in Argentina for state visit
Assad warns Turkey of 'heavy price' for backing Syrian rebels	Cabinet at war over arming Syrian rebels
Indian stocks close lower	Hong Kong stocks close 2.33% higher
19 killed, 42 wounded in violent attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
Indian rape accused face verdicts	Indian rape accused found guilty
Poll: Cory Booker takes early lead for N.J. Senate	Nigella Lawson 'took cocaine every day for a decade'
Iran nuclear deal agreed at talks	Iran Nuclear Deal Sealed After Decades-Long Dispute
Egyptian military spokesman denounces incitement against army	Labor ministry announcement due on Monday
Snowden sees 'no chance' for US fair trial	Snowden sees "no chance" to get fair trial in U.S.
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 30	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 6
Dozens injured in Connecticut train collision	Indian minister killed in head-on collision
Blast on Indian train kills one	State: No funds for yeshiva that incites violence
Queen visits Britain's new prince	Queen meets Britain's new baby prince
Ukraine: Three Killed In Parliament Protests	Ukraine President Calls Talks To End Protests
Ride operator charged in N.C. fair accident	N.C. State Fair ride operator arrested after accident
Transcript reveals confusion over evacuation of South Korean ferry	Transcript Reveals Confusion Over Ferry Evacuation
Fallen US firefighters brought home	Wall Street ends slightly lower
Syria Regime Agrees to Attend Peace Conference	Russia: Syria Agrees to Participate in Conference
UK vote rejects military action	Britain rejects Syria military action
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage	New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Singapore stocks end up 0.37 pct	Singapore stocks close 0.41 pct higher
Venezuelan president to visit China	Senegalese president to visit China
Cairo protesters defy crackdown threat	In Cairo Camps, Protesters Dig in and Live On
Missing plane search turns to Vietnamese islands	Missing Malaysia Airlines plane 'crashes off Vietnam'
Iran threatens to trigger oil price war	Man admits threatening to kill Prince Harry
Official of Malaysia Airlines briefs relatives of missing flight passengers about search progress	Malaysia Airlines investigating co-pilot on missing flight
Stars pay tribute to Cory Monteith	Stars pay tribute to James Garner
Manchester United Ticket Sales And Profit Down	Manchester United owner Malcolm Glazer dies at 85
Los Angeles airport worker charged with making 9/11 threats	Los Angeles airport worker charged over 9/11 threats
The Note's Must-Reads for Friday May 24, 2013	The Note's Must-Reads for Friday, August 23, 2013
Cristiano Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to 2014 World Cup finals	Ronaldo hat-trick fires Portugal to World Cup
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16	Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire	Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Britain's Prince Philip set for 'exploratory' surgery	UK's Prince Philip hospitalized
Japan starts hearing on sales tax, ex-bank deputy urges gradual rise	Japan starts hearings on proposed tax hike
Three bomb attacks kill six soldiers, one civilian	School bomb attack kills two in southern Thailand
Stones add second Hyde Park concert	Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
Italian pilgrims die in bus plunge	Passengers dead in Italy bus plunge
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013	What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
5 nations meet on haze	Putin's marriage at an end
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	Powerful new earthquake hits shattered Pakistan region
Syrian opposition offers Assad truce in Homs for duration of Ramadan	Syrian opposition offers Assad's forces truce for duration of Ramadan
At least 20 dead in Somalia attacks	At least 60 die in Iraq prison attack
Westgate mall attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi	Westgate attackers spent four months planning in Nairobi, says official
U.N. Security Council calls for humanitarian ceasefire in Gaza	U.N. Security Council Calls for Unconditional Cease-Fire in Gaza
6.3-magnitude quake hits Honshu, Japan: CENC	6.7-magnitude earthquake jolts Taiwan: CENC
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese shares close lower on Wednesday
Car Bombs Kill 58 in Iraqi Capital	Car bombings kill 13 civilians in Iraqi capital
Foreign companies eye new 'opening-up'	More carriers likely in China
Ukrainian protesters back in streets for anti-government rally	Ukraine protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
Canadian freight train blast death toll hits three, to rise	Canadian government 'monitoring' train blast situation
U.S. fast-food workers plan nationwide strikes over minimum wage	Fast-food workers strike for higher pay
Nigel Farage calls on Government to let Syrian refugees into UK	'No plans' to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK
Israel's Peres urges return to peace talks	Gonsalves keeps up pressure on Dom Rep
All eyes on new Pak army chief Raheel Sharif	Flood alerts in France as river levels rise
China yuan strengthens to 6.1184 against USD Tuesday	China yuan weakens to 6.1510 against USD
Radio: Israel set to increase Palestinian prisoner release	US: Israel to delay Palestinian prisoner release
Morsi's supporters reject plan	Morsi supporters march in Egypt
Egypt court sentences 10 Brotherhood supporters to death - sources	Turkish PM tells supporters to prepare for rallies
Obama condemns killing of 3 Israeli teens	Bodies of missing Israeli teens found in West Bank
Men tried to behead soldier on London street, court hears	Australia spied on Indonesia president: reports
Ukraine protesters rebuild barricades	Putin speaks on Ukraine, protesters rebuild barricades
Mel Smith dead at 60 and UK mourns a comedy favourite	Griff Rhys Jones: Mel Smith was 'a force for life'
Three dead, 63 hurt as New York buildings collapse	Two dead, nine hurt in French building collapse
Chinese shares close higher Tuesday	Chinese stocks close lower Thursday
India Ink: Image of the Day: July 2	India Ink: Image of the Day: March 4
Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 14 killed in Afghanistan	Asian Muslims celebrate Eid as 52 die in Pakistan, Afghanistan
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties	Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
Russian coal mines seek new outlets in China	Russian foreign minister to meet UN chief
Ukraine‚Äôs pro-Russia protesters demand greater autonomy	Sudanese protesters demand the regime's ouster
Iraq army fights to retake Tikrit	Iraq army claims victory in Tikrit
Iran condemns alleged Israeli airstrike on Syria	Democrats Face Divide Over a Strike on Syria
Israel agrees to extend Gaza truce by four hours	Israel, Hamas reportedly agree to 12-hour truce
Fire at South Korean bus terminal kills 5	S Korea bus station fire kills seven
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ	Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Four civilians, three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan	Three NATO soldiers killed in Afghanistan
One killed, 40 injured in Mexico candy factory blast	Three killed, 21 injured in two road mishaps
Protesters swamp streets to reclaim revolution	Egypt: Protesters storm Muslim Brotherhood's HQ
Tokyo stocks open down 0.24%	Tokyo stocks open up 0.52%
Australia returns asylum seekers to Sri Lanka in sea transfer	Australia: Australia hands asylum-seekers back to Sri Lanka
Shankill blast victims to be remembered	Crocodile victim's body recovered
118 people killed in twin blasts in Nigeria	Ten killed in new blast in Russia
Glee star Cory Monteith found dead in hotel room in Canada	'Glee' star Cory Monteith found dead
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry	Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Yolanda death toll climbs to 3,621	Kenya Red Cross says death toll rises to 68
Tokyo stocks close up 0.13pc	Tokyo stocks close 0.75pc down
Iran says ready for fresh round of nuclear talks	Iran's Khamenei renews support for nuclear talks
Clashes continue between police and protesters in Turkey	Turkish police fight protesters, clear square
Those refused medical cards urged to contact HSE	HSE boss defends medical-card plan
World‚Äôs largest building opened in west China	Italy‚Äôs centre-left splinters in presidential vote
Hassoun to Mauritanian delegation: conspiracy imposed on Syria targets its stances, particularly over Palestine	Mufti : conspiracy aginst Syria targets its stances, particularly towards Palestine
Israeli lightly hurt by stones in West Bank	Israeli troops kill Palestinian in West Bank raid
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49	Death toll from Egypt violence rises to 638
Hong Kong set for democracy march	Hong Kong set for huge democracy rally
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve	US Senate Confirms Janet Yellen as New Central Bank Chief
Syrian opposition agree to landmark peace talks	Syria opposition pressed to attend talks
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad	Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
Poverty stats doubt Modi's development claims	GM to start taking recall compensation claims Aug 1
Pro-Russia rebels to hold vote in Ukraine	Syria rebels: We killed Hezbollah men in Lebanon
Georgians vote for new president	Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
MERS respiratory illness found in U.S., officials confirm	First case of MERS, a SARS-like respiratory illness, reported in North America
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ	On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
Obama to meet with China‚Äôs Xi in California June 7-8	Obama to meet Ukrainian prime minister at White House
EU declares Hezbollah's military wing terror group	EU puts Hezbollah military wing on terror list
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal	Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital	Scores 'killed' in Boko Haram raid in Nigeria
Germany welcomes Iran nuclear agreement	Syria welcomes Iran's nuclear deal
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash	Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
What the Papers Say, June 25, 2013	What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
Gunmen kill nine foreigners in Pakistan	Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan
2 Indian traders stranded in China sent back home	46 Indian nurses stranded in Iraq return home
California governor declares drought emergency	California governor declares drought emergency as wildfires continue to burn
Peace talks with Palestinians would take months: Israel official	3yo Palestinian girl killed in Israeli raid
17:02 23 killed in Iraq car bombings	11 children killed in Syria bombings
China yuan weakens to 6.1559 against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1818 against USD Tuesday
Two dead, more trapped in latest Mumbai building collapse	Two are trapped as US building collapses
Air strikes kills dozens in northern Syria	Ukraine will not give 'an inch' over Crimea
Israelis and Palestinians aim to negotiate a 'final' peace deal after positive talks	Israeli army kills 3 Palestinian militants in West Bank clashes
Chinese tourist abducted from Malaysia	China returns 10 children abducted from Vietnam
Japanese politician apologizes for sex comment	Japan mayor apologizes to U.S., denies wrong words on "comfort women"
4 killed, 6 injured in attacks in Iraq	43 killed, 86 wounded in attacks in Iraq
UN inspectors hail progress over Syria chemical weapons	U.S. has not concluded Syria used chemical weapons -White House
Two arrests made after protest against Nigel Farage	Kerry vows progress after latest intensive Mideast trip
Gunmen kill 15 Libyan soldiers	Gunmen kill 3 Lebanese troops near Syria
Pictures show completed Costa Concordia operation	Timelapse of Costa Concordia operation
Iran Nuclear Talks Enter Third Day	Iran nuclear talks enter crucial third day
Protesters gather in Brazil despite concessions	Protests sweep Brazil despite concession
Australian PM Kevin Rudd calls election for 7 September	Australian PM Rudd calls Sept. 7 poll
Iran nuclear talks expected to resume this week	UK: Iran nuclear talks at a serious point
Bangkok tense on Thai election eve	Bangladesh: Crackdown Escalates Ahead of Election
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants	Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
China ‚Äėwill protect interests‚Äô of foreign business	Obama in ‚Äėdirect‚Äô confrontation with Putin on Ukraine
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan	Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
D.C. Votes to Decriminalize Marijuana	DC votes to decriminalize pot
Many dead as asylum boat sinks off Australia	Mandela spends third day in hospital
North Korea's Kim hails execution of powerful uncle	North Korean intrigue: The execution of power
Margaret Thatcher dies after stroke	Margaret Thatcher dies at 87
Chinese president arrives in Netherlands for state visit, nuclear summit	Chinese president arrives in Venezuela for state visit
Israel sanctions Palestinians in new blow to peace talks	Israel to release Palestinian prisoners as part of deal to revive peace talks
UK Sky News cameraman killed in Egypt	Sky News Cameraman Killed In Egypt
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital	Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
Stocks rise in early trading	Stocks inch higher in early trading
FBI audio expert testifies in Zimmerman trial	Jury selection begins in Zimmerman's trial
Iranian nuclear talks to be extended to November	Iran nuclear talks extended to November 24
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping	Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14	Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
Boston bombing suspect to appear in court	Boston bombing suspect buried
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria	Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
Death toll in India building collapse hits 42	Toll from India building collapse hits 25
Obama announces creation of twin manufacturing hubs	US stocks retreat on manufacturing data
Five charged with terrorism offences	Five People Charged With Terror Offences
President Obama reveals plans to withdraw troops from Afghanistan by 2016	US Government Shutdown: Obama tells Republicans to lift threat to US economy if they want talks
US, NATO Raise Doubts Russia Pulled Back from Ukraine Border	No Sign of Russian Withdrawal From Ukraine Border, Official Says
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again	Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 11.30am	FTSE Bursa Malaysia update: 3.00pm
Glasgow Helicopter Crash Search Ends	Glasgow Helicopter Crash: Woman PC Is Victim
Iran backs proposal for meeting on Syria conflict	Iran says Israel lying about rockets
Quotations in the News	Quotations of the day
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'	US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Philip leaves hospital after 11 days	Mandela leaves hospital after 10 days
Bone fragment 'could be King Alfred'	Remains in Winchester could be King Alfred the Great
Israel frees second group of Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
Thai government says elections Feb. 2	Philippines government says peace talks with communists have failed
Two skydivers dead after colliding during US jump	Two skydivers dead after colliding during jump in Arizona
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87	Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
'Iron Man' jetpacks spark concerns in Hawaii	'Iron Man' Jetpacks Spark Concerns
Israel frees Palestinian prisoners	Israel releases 26 Palestinian prisoners
France Says Won't 'Shirk Responsibilities' in Syria	France urges EU to be united on Syria
Boston bombing suspect identified on surveillance video, no arrest	Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother
China's anger at N. Korea overcomes worry over US	China's anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights
China yuan strengthens to new high against USD	China yuan weakens to 6.1705 against USD
Man held after teen shot in Belfast	Man, 40, arrested after shooting
Police stop Maldives presidential election	Keita Wins Mali Presidential Election
Indian army kill 3 militants in Indian-controlled Kashmir	Indian troops kill militant commander in Indian-controlled Kashmir
Car bomb kills 20 in northwest Syria	Car bomb kills 40 in northwest Pakistan
Colorado Governor Visits School Shooting Victim	Colorado governor visits school shooting victim
Iran ups oil swap with eastern neighbors	Iran urges rapid release of diplomat
Turkey president appeals for calm	Texas house provisionally approves abortion law
North Korea test fires 30 missiles into the sea	N Korea 'fires 100 shells' into the sea
Man dies in Co Donegal house fire	Woman dies in Co Cork house fire
Doha gas blast kills 12, injures dozens	Syria missile kills 26, including 8 kids
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'	Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election	Nominations open for e.TV Ghana Most Influential Awards
India Ink: Image of the Day: April 21	India Ink: Image of the Day: May 2
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash	Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
Two French journalists killed in Mali	France confirms two French journalists killed in Mali
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama	US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Pakistani Taliban chief Hakimullah Mehsud killed in drone strike	Pakistani Taliban 'elect new chief', vow 'unprecedented' revenge
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests	Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
Gunmen kill nine tourists in Pakistan	Gunmen Attack Hotel In Remote Pakistani Province
Israel and Hamas to observe brief Gaza truce	Israel And Hamas 'Accept Temporary Truce'
China's troubled Xinjiang hit by more violence	China's online population rises to 618 mln
Relatives scuffle with police after China fire kills 120	Angry families demand answers after China plant fire kills 119
Iran rejects claim on chlorine bombs	Iran rejects MKO claim on nuclear site
India Minister's wife died 'unnatural death' after affair rumours	Minister's wife's death 'unnatural'
3 dead, 1 hurt in shooting at S Carolina oceanfront motel	4 dead, 30 injured in train collision near Moscow
Burial of Boston bombing suspect appears legal	'Ready to go home:' Last Boston bombing victim leaves the hospital
5 killed in S China road cave-in	02:41 156 killed in China earthquake
South Africa president: Mandela is improving	Afghan president delays signing US deal
World News Update, what you need to know	Labour's 50p tax rate: what you need to know
Syrian civil war in photos	Syrian civil war peace talks at risk from Iran invitation
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region	6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
House blaze kills 7 in northern Pakistan	US drone strike kills 8 in NW Pakistan
Abdullah Widens Lead in Afghan Presidential Poll	Explosions heard near Afghan presidential palace
Imran blames rival for colleague murder	Pakistans Imran blames rival for killing party member
Bangladesh Honors Factory Victims	Retailers back Bangladesh factory safety pact
Man Who Set Himself on Fire on National Mall Has Died	Man Sets Himself on Fire on National Mall, Flown to Hospital
Japan defends dolphin hunt after US criticism	Japan defends dolphin hunts after criticism from US
Bomb blast rocks shopping mall in Nigeria, 12 killed	Bomb blasts before Indian opposition rally kill 4
Philippines typhoon death toll at 4,460: UN	Philippines typhoon death toll rises above 5,000
Police fire teargas on Venezuelan vote protesters	Chavez heir Maduro wins Venezuela's presidency
Wave of attacks kills at least 95 in Iraq	Suicide attack kills at least 12 in northern Iraq
Top Chinese political advisor meets Greek PM	Top Chinese political advisor meets Yemeni president
Palestinian diplomat injured in explosion in Prague	Palestinian ambassador injured in apartment blast
Ukraine leader pledges crisis talks	Ukraine Leader Pledges Crisis Talks
7 killed in attacks in Iraq	16 killed in series of attacks in Iraq
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc	Europe floods continue to create havoc
US military presence in East Asia	NATO ups military presence amid Russian threat
US believes Syrian government used chemical weapons	US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
World powers and Iran to resume expert nuclear talks on Dec. 30	Iran nuclear experts, world powers to resume talks next week
Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood Refuses to Back Down	Egyptian court sentences Muslim Brotherhood leader to life in prison
At least 6 dead in Canada bus, train crash	At least 6 dead in Paris train crash
Chinese president meets Greek PM, calling for stronger partnership	Chinese president meets Indian vice president
AstraZeneca pays $4.1bn to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb out of diabetes alliance	AstraZeneca to buy Bristol out of diabetes venture for up to $4.1 billion
Italian fugitive arrested in Dominican Republic	Australian icebreaker arrives in East Antarctica for new rescue bid
India, US to hold talks on China next week	Egypt to hold more talks with IMF on loan next week
FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Israel
Israel Carrying Out Ground Offensive In Gaza	Israel Launches Ground Offensive In Gaza
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal	Luxembourg votes after spying row
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, sentenced to six years in jail for corruption	Ehud Olmert sentenced to six years in Israel
Brahimi apologises to Syria over lack of peace progress	Mediator apologizes to Syrians for lack of peace progress
Egyptian protesters issue Morsi resignation ultimatum	Ukraine protesters battle police in new clashes
5 Things to Know About the Sochi Olympics	7 Things to Know About Ethanol
China stocks open lower on Wednesday	China's stocks close lower on Monday
US delays missile test as tensions rise	William Hague: US decision to halt missile test 'sensible'
Fire in Beijing kills 10	Fire in Beijing kills ten
World's oldest man dies at 116	Japan: World's Oldest Man Ever Dies Aged 116
India, China ink border pact; 8 other agreements	India, China ink agreement on trans-border rivers
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident	One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
Pakistanis vote in landmark election	Pakistan holds landmark election as 29 killed in attacks
Venezuela expels three U.S. diplomats	Venezuela Expels 3 U.S. Diplomats
Heavy smog hits north China city, flights cancelled	Heavy Smog Hits North China City, Flights Canceled
Russia claims to have foiled possible terror act	Russia says ballistic 'objects' fired in Mediterranean
3 Chinese tourists killed in Pakistan	Seven kidnappers killed in southern Nigeria
Sevens World Cup within Kenya‚Äôs reach	Clash of Styles in Court Opens Trial in Young Man‚Äôs Death
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties	China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
Gunmen kill 10 foreign tourists in northern Pakistan	Islamic militants kill 9 foreign tourists, 1 Pakistani
Austrian found hoarding 56 stolen skulls in home museum	Stolen skulls found in home museum
Egypt Launches Offensive Against Sinai Militants	Egypt launches offensive against Sinai insurgents
Record-setting Southwest heat wave turns fatal	At least 1 dead, 40 hospitalized in Southwest heat wave
Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection: U.S. judge	Detroit eligible for bankruptcy protection
Algeria president gets therapy after stroke: state media	Bulgarian president tries to break election stalemate
British Nobel-Winning Author Doris Lessing Dies	Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Israeli government authorises new settlements ahead of talks	Israel Approves New Settlement Homes Ahead of Peace Talks
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany	World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
Tokyo to host 2020 Games	Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
Pakistani Taliban chief killed in US drone strike	Funeral for Pakistan Taliban chief 'set to take place'
Putin signs Crimea annexe treaty	09:32 Putin signs off Crimea annexation
FAA continues ban on US flights to Tel Aviv	FAA lifts ban on U.S. flights to Tel Aviv
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence	France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
Chinese envoy rebuts Vietnamese, Philippine accusations over South China Sea	China's Xi tells Vietnam wants peace in South China Sea
Four more people arrested over Australia's largest illegal tobacco importation syndicate	Police target illegal tobacco syndicate
Yemen: Fighting in north kills over 120	Janet Yellen: Five things you might not know
Obama moves to fill Fed board, taps Fischer to be No. 2	Obama voices willingness to talk with GOP on budget
Pakistan's Musharraf charged over Bhutto murder	Pakistan's Musharraf Charged In Bhutto Death
Iran's president condemns use of chemical weapons in Syria	Probe alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria
A society fraying at the edges	Old TV alignments crack at the edges
UN Invites Iran to Syrian Peace Conference	UN: Iran Invited to Attend Syrian Peace Conference
Italy bus crash death toll rises	Starbucks clears college degree path for workers
Soccer Ref Punched by Player Dies	Police: Utah soccer referee punched by player dies
Angela Merkel headed for narrow win in German elections	Malawi's new president sworn in after disputed elections
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel	British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
Israel detains 37 Palestinians as arrest operation continues	Israel criticizes Palestinian stance on settlers
Rebels kill 21 civilians in Syria Alawite village	Bomb kills 18 civilians in Afghanistan
World sends emergency relief to battered Philippines	Typhoon Haiyan: world sends relief to battered Philippines
Palestinian hunger striker, Israel reach deal	Palestinian activist detained in Israeli raid
Assad says Syria will comply with UN arms resolution	Syria's Assad vows to comply with U.N. resolution
South Korean President Sorry For Ferry Response	S. Korean president 'sorry' for ferry disaster
Food price hikes raise concerns in Iran	American Chris Horner wins Tour of Spain
Obama made last-minute decision on Syria approval	Obama mulls limited military action in Syria
A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball.	Two dogs play with purple football.
a bird lands in the water.	a boat floats in the water.
Three children stand on or near a fence.	The three children are standing on and by a fence.
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth.	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth.
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool.	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.	Two grey dogs running in green grass.
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill.	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A black and brown dog runs through the woods.	A dog running through the woods.
The two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
Two dogs are running in a grassy field	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A young girl holds up a peace sign.	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street.
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water.	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water.
A man crouching and holding a camera.	The crouching man is holding a large camera.
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path.	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow.	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
A dog swims through the water.	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch	A dog jumps through a hoop.
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy.	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
A brown dog laying on a blue cover.	A person is diving into clear blue water.
The two boys play in the field.	The two people have their heads covered with scarves.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A group of people standing in the street	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street.
A dog runs on brown grass.	A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball.
The two dogs are running through the grass.	Three dogs run in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man eating an apple, sitting in public.	A man sits in a public place eating an apple.
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed.	A boy with a broken arm is sleeping.
boy doing tricks on a skateboard	A boy does a trick on a skateboard.
two young girls hug each other in the grass.	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
A bird flies across the water.	A bird flies above the water.
A dog is running through a pond	A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs are playing in the water.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter.
A man and a woman watch two dogs.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.	A man jumps off a rock into the water
A young girl going down a tube slide.	A young girl swinging off a tire swing
Many people are in the bicycle racing, including one man in a three-wheeled bike.	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair.
A group of people are wearing bunny ears.	A group of people ride in a race
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.	a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	A brown and white dog runs across the grass.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard.	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
Two dogs are running through a grassy area.	Two dogs running through a grassy field.
Kids playing ball in the park.	Two dogs playing by the shore.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night.
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road.	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs.
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence.	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls.
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck.	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event.
Smiling man with reflective classes.	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses.
five people standing on a sidewalk	Five people on a sidewalk.
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk.	A woman, a little boy, and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue.
The white dog runs across the snow.	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow.	Two dogs are playing in the snow.
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A man picking up a big rock.	A woman picking up a large rock.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.	A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
The dog is running through a field.	A dog runs through a field.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.	a white dog runs across the water.
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk.	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park.
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest.	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two large dogs running in some grass.	Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog running with a stick in it's mouth.
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand.	A man who is resting his head on his hand.
A young boy jumping into a lake.	The boy is jumping into a lake.
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs.	A woman plays with a brown dog.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it's mouth.	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth.
A man is standing in water near a waterfall.	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall.
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean.	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean.
A man and a woman on a bench.	A man and woman sit on a park bench.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
The man is jumping into the water.	The man is up in the air.
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand.	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck.
A child is jumping into a swimming pool.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house
A girl swings her long, wet hair in a lake.	A person riding a dirt bike.
Two dogs playing by the shore.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background.	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.	A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field.
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera.	Three dogs, one white and two brown, are running together on a field of grass.
A dog swimming with a stick in it's mouth.	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth.
A black poodle plays in the snow.	A black poodle frolics in the snow.
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field.
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game.	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them.
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt.	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs standing in the snow.
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline.	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline.
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street.	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat.
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball.	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball.
The tan dog runs through the leaves.	The white dog runs through the ocean.
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer jumping over a fence.
A little girl holds a wooden stick.	A little girl swimming in a pool.
A black dog jumps through the water.	A dog walks through the snow.
A group of people in front of a red fire truck.	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck.
a boy jumps into the blue pool water.	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly.
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair.
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor.	Three children playing on the floor.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole.
A woman and a dog standing in the grass.	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field.	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A black dog running through water.	A black dog is running through some water.
Children jumping on a trampoline.	A man is sledding on an orange slide.
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field.	A brown dog is running in a field.
A man practicing boxing	A man practices boxing
A dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the snow.
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier.	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
A skier speeds through the snow.	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.	Two people are on a golf course playing golf.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.	A dog playing in the waves with a ball.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat.	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water.	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats.
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball.	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A softball player swinging at a pitch.	A baseball player hitting the ball
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow.	Black dog chasing brown dog through snow
A man is kite surfing away from the camera.	A man is sky surfing on the water.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A boy running through green grass.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other
Two people sit on the end of a dock.	Two people sitting on a dock.
Two dogs in a yard.	Two dogs in a stream.
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area.	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course.
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow.	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field.
A small white dog running across a lawn.	A small white dog running
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass.	The big white dog is running in the grass.
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture.	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.	A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers.	A girl is playing on a swing.
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool.	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool.
two big brown dogs running through the snow.	A brown dog running through the grass.
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms.	A dog jumps into a backyard pool.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.	A child holds a yellow balloon.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow.
A black dog is running in the grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera.	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.	A child runs through the grass.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
A girl in orange lights a candle.	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers.	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter.
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy.	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler.
A dog shaking off water.	A dog shaking water off.
Young boys running along the pavement.	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean.
A young child slides down an orange slide.	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide.
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a "no skiing" sign.	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign.
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper.
A black and white dog swimming in clear water.	A small black and white dog is swimming in water.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.	The man is going into the water.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
Black and white dog running through water.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
A dog is running toward the camera.	A brown and white dog running on grass.
Three dogs running in the dirt.	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
a boy swinging on a swing.	The girl is on a swing.
A group of youngsters swim in lake water	Many children are playing and swimming in the water.
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other.	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud.
two dogs running in the snow	A dog laying in the snow.
A golden dog is running through the snow.	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town.
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee.	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it.
A skateboarder on a city street.	A skateboarder in the air at a big, outdoor ramp.
Four children on stools in a diner.	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field	A boy and a dog running on grass
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake.	A black dog runs fast into shallow water.
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field.	Two white dogs are running together.
Two boys playing a game of flag football.	Two boys are playing flag football.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.	A black dog is running quickly along the ground.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art.	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city.
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water.	Two dogs are shaking water off.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.	A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
A small dog runs through an obstacle course.	A small dog jumping over an obstacle.
A girl bounces in a bounce house.	A girl dances like a man in costume
A brown dog running through the woods.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
A group of people are standing by a window watching something.	A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition.	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
Three people racing on ice skates.	Three ice skaters round a corner.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.	Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show.
Two men on the side of a barge	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard.
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs.	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A brown dog in running on grass.	A brown dog runs through the grass.
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.	A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Two people are walking by the ocean.	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera.
Two little girls in pink are dancing.	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
Two children splashing in the water.	Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A dog is on the beach near a ball.	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.	Two dogs bound across the grass.
a woman playing with two young boys at a park	A woman and three kids play at a park.
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth.	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	The boy is playing in the sand.
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen.	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed.
Two people walking along the shore at sunset.	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.	A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
A dog carries a leash in its mouth.	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away.	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street.
A black dog is running through the snow.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
A skier is falling into the snow.	A skier is falling face first into the snow.
A dog with a red toy in it's mouth.	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth.
Two hockey players fighting on the ice.	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice.
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure.	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform.
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home.	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.	A crowd of people at an outdoor event
Two dogs running through a field.	Two dogs play in a field.
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle	A man and a woman standing on a city street.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.	Two dogs are playing on the grass.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house.
A white dog is running through the water at a beach	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car.	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
A dog leaping over a hurdle.	A dog leaps over the hurdle.
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground.
A man and woman blow bubbles.	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field.	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two black dogs in the snow.
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe.	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water.
a group of old men walking down the street	A couple walking down the street.
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence.	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
A black and white dog is running through the field.	A black and white dog is running in the grass.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city.
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street.	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street.
A young boy is punching a yellow ball.	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio.	A group of young ladies in bikinis.
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain.	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon.
A woman and a man are amused by headphones.	A man and a woman resting after exercise.
Two girls walking in the ocean.	two girls walking in the street
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
A man and a dog are playing tug of war.	A man dances on a colorful wall.
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool.	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool.
A white dog runs on a beach.	The white dog is running along the beach.
Six dogs running on the sandy beach.	Six dogs walking beside the beach.
A man holds on to a handle in the water.	A man is holding onto handles in the air.
four children are playing on a trampoline.	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A white dog walking in the snow.	A black and tan dog walking through the snow.
The white and brown dog runs across the grass.	Three dogs are running on the grass.
A boy goes down an inflatable slide.	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride.
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle.	Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs run in the snow.
Two dogs playing in the snow.	Two kids playing with a dog.
A girl does a back bend on the beach.	A girl doing a back bend at the beach.
Boat sails in rough water.	A man is kayaking in rough waters.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	Two dogs are playing together in the grass.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
Two surfers on riding a small wave.	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves.
Two people walking on the beach at sunset.	Two people walking along the shore at sunset.
Three dogs are playing in the white snow.	Two dogs are playing in the grass.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass.
A young girl is sitting on Santa's lap.	A little girl is sitting on Santa's lap
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
A black dog running into the water.	A black dog running through water.
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach.	A boy jumping in the air on the beach.
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps.	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water
Brown dog splashing into the water.	Four dogs splashing in the water
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed.	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash.
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it's mouth.	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick.
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass.	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs playing in the snow.
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt.	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball.
A grey hound is active in a grassy field.	A bunch of bikes racing on a track.
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud.	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.
a man and woman walking past a record shop	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain.	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain.
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels	Two children lying in the snow making snow angels
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain.	A young girl standing in front of a fountain
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick.	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign
a man plays his white guitar.	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains.	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water.
Two shirtless young people playing in the water.	Lots of people play in the water at the beach.
Close-up of a hummingbird.	A closeup of a hummingbird flying.
Two dogs play in the grass.	Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Woman in a black dress walking on the street.	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.	Three children playing on the floor.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.	A dog swimming in a pond
A man and a woman looking at the camera.	A man and a woman laughing.
a dog jumps into the water.	A dog is jumping into the water.
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt.
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow.	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike, through the snow.
A boy riding on a swing.	A young boy riding in a swing.
A black dog running through the snow.	A black dog runs through the water.
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll.	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers.
Three children playing with hay outdoors, throwing some at camera lens.	Three young children play in the hay, throwing some at the camera.
A black dog walking beside a pool.	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool.
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope.	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.	A man is lifting a little girl above his head.
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire.	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street.	A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.	A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.	A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
A golden dog is running on the grass.	The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A dog runs through the grass.	a dog runs across the grass.
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick.	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them.
Man rowing a boat.	a man doing a trick on skateboard
Three dogs running on a racetrack.	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack.
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building.	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.	A dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time	A dog running through a lot of twigs.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera.
Many people run in a race on a street.	A puppy running along a street.
Two dogs in the snow	Two dogs play in the grass.
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks.	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall.
Two white dogs walking in the snow.	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
A dog runs through the grass.	Two dogs run through the brush.
Three dogs playing in the snow.	Three dogs run in the snow.
A dog running across the sand	A dog running through the water.
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball.	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun.
The black and white dog is swimming in the river.	A black man and his dog on the beach.
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean.	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean.
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing.	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave.
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course.	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night.
Two dogs are running in the field.	Two dogs running in a field.
Two people are in bed.	Two boxers are in the ring.
Two dogs on the beach.	A dog walks on the beach.
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area.	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym.
Two dogs fighting in the snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
A group of people are in the water.	A group of people ride in a race
The dog is running with food in his mouth.	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
Two dogs running down a beach.	two dogs running on the beach
A black and white dog swimming in the pool	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth.
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks.	Two dogs running down a path in the woods.
A dog has it's head inside a red and green gift bag.	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag.
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask.	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold, sun-shaped mask.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board.
A child with his hands on his head.	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water.	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand.
A black dog lays in the sand.	Kids play in the water
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.	A pale dog runs down a path.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza.
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall.	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall.
A man helps a boy ride a bike.	The man helps the boy ride a bike.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A man climbing a cliff face.	A man climbs a sheer cliff face.
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow.	The dogs play in the snow.
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing.	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside.
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy.	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.	Two black dogs are playing in a grass.
A boy plays baseball.	A man is playing baseball.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.	A white dog running over a bridge.
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog.	A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands.
A black dog retrieves in the snow.	A skateboarder jumping in the street.
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo.	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red.
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water.	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.	A dog is jumping in the snow.
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path.	Two dogs running along dirt path.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.	Two brown dogs running through water.
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop.	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	The black and white dog is running on the grass.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand.
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall.	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.	a young girl wearing purple running through water
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps.	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall.
A black dog is jumping out of water.	A black dog is shaking off water.
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside.	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino's Pizza.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.	A boy in a robe sits in a chair.
A black dog is running through the snow.	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt.
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor.	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor.
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture.	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object.
A young boy is riding a bike.	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy
A black dog running in the snow.	A black dog running on a beach.
Three dogs in the snow by a fence.	Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs.	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A man climbing a rock-face.	A man is climbing a rock wall.
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting, with an older man walking behind her.	a young child running along the shore at a beach
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.	A woman is playing volley ball.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky.
A dog standing in the water.	A girl playing on a parachute.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
Man riding a surfboard on a wave.	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.	a group of surfers catching a wave
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.	A man is climbing the side of a mountain.
Black and white dog running through water.	A tan and white dog runs through water.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track.
Three clowns in bright, multi-colored costumes.	Three women in brightly colored dresses.
a black dog swimming through a river.	a black dog digging through the snow.
Two beige dogs play in the grass.	two tan dogs play in the grass
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.	Two dogs are running through a green yard
A man and a woman are smiling.	A man and a woman laughing.
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set.	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset.
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline.	Two little boys are playing on a playground.
Two girls are jumping high in the air.	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake.
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette.	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette
A dog is running along the grass.	A brown dog is running in the grass.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera.
A dog and a red ball in the air.	A dog digs a hole in a yard.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.	A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
Brown dog running on grass.	The dog is running on grass.
A dog jogs through the grass.	a dog trots through the grass.
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera.	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them.	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden.
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair.	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite.	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone.
Child sliding in the snow.	Man sleeping on the street.
Three dogs are playing in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
A white dog running on sand.	A white dog runs on the sand.
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack.	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk.	A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up.
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall.	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse.
A dog swims in the water.	Three dogs swim in the water.
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road.	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft.
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth.	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it's mouth.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress.	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white.
The blonde woman is wearing a black, american flag, tartan cap.	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag.
A person holding a net is standing in the water.	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.	A tan dog is walking through snow.
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street	A man walks two dogs in the city.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it's mouth is humping over a man's back.	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth, jumps over a man.
A dog is running in the snow.	Two dogs running in the dirt
A small boy playing in the snow.	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
A dog and cat laying down together.	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water.
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table.	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors.
A family is playing on the beach with their dog.	A naked little girl being thrown into the air.
a white dog running in the snow	The dogs are running in the snow.
a dog runs through the long grass.	A dog lays down in the long green grass.
The black dog is running through the snow.	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud.
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow.	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A group of people sitting around a desk.	A group of girls on a beach.
Three dogs are running in a field.	Two dogs are running in a grassy field
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree.	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop.
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws.	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A white dog running through the snow	The black and white dog runs through the grass.
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background.
A group of people are camping out on some rocks.	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck.
A man on a bike nest to a river.	A man on a bike does a very high jump.
A dog running on the grass	Two dogs are running on the grass.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool.
A skier going down the snowy hill.	A brown dog is laying in the snow.
Two dogs are running on the grass.	Two dogs running in the dirt
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket.	Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
Many football players sitting on the ground.	A dog rolls on the ground.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person.	A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline.	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.	A surfer does a flip on a wave.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling.	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool.	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool.
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles.	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles.
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them.	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow	Two dogs fighting in the snow.
A crowd of people stand on a rural road, a field behind them, a forest in front.	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it's trunk open.
Boy lies on stomach in grass.	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow.	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow.
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air.	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air.
A bird sits in a tree.	A bird sits in a leafless tree.
A brown dog chews on an orange ball.	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.	A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball.	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball.
A child is walking from one picnic table to another.	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park.
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway.	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
A dog in the snow.	Two dogs in snow.
A man with long hair is looking through a camera.	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead.
Dalmation running along the beach.	A Dalmation runs along a beach.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee	A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A dog running through snow.	A dog runs in the snow.
Four black dogs run across the grass.	A dog runs across the grassy field.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball.
A brown dog is walking on the grass.	A dog chases another by a tree.
A girl is jumping.	A boy is rock climbing.
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach.	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner.	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline.	A beagle walks along the calm shore.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
The black and white dog runs through the grass.	A black and white dog is running through grass.
Two dogs run through the snow, one with a tennis ball.	The boy is doing a stunt, through the air, on his bicycle.
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it's mouth.	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it's mouth.
Three children playing in snow.	Three children playing in hay
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.	Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard.	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together.
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water.	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.	A boy with a metal colander on his head.
A brown dog is running through the field.	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water.	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water.
This dog is jumping through the water.	Two dogs running through the water on a beach.
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break.	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator.
A man and a woman laughing.	A man and a woman kiss.
A black, brown and white dog running through a field.	A white and brown dog runs in a field.
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them.	Children play in a pool while adults look on.
A dog is standing in the sand.	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.	Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
Two kids splashing in the water.	Two dogs play together on the bed.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water.
A woman reads while on public transportation.	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation.
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background.	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash.
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees.
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park.	a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park.
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage.	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left.
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets.	A person above their surfboard on the water.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
The dog returns the play toy to its master.	Three dogs race in the snow together.
Two females jump off of swings.	Two girls jump out of swings.
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store.	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd.
Two dogs running on the shore.	A white dog running on the beach.
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn.	A shirtless man catches a football
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
a young girl smiling with her head upside down	A girl poses with her head upside down.
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car.	Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car.
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture.	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape.
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool.	A man jumps while on a snowboard.
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera.	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins.	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match.	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
The black dog is walking through the tall grass.	The black dog is running through the grass.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs playing in grass.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.	A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
Two black dogs playing in the snow.	A black dog digs in the snow.
A dog jumps over a chain.	A dog leaping over a chain.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench.
A black and a yellow dog	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field.
Three children in a ball pit.	Several children playing in a ball pit.
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course.	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube.
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool.	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake.	A woman is wearing a white headband, purple tank top and black gloves.
A brown dog is running through green grass.	A brown dog is running though a river.
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass.	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass.
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field.	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.	A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
A black dog walking through water.	Two black dogs walking through the snow.
A black dog is running in snow.	A black dog is swimming with a ball in it's mouth.
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog.	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down.
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign.	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign.
A woman is sitting in the water.	The woman is skating in the park.
A brown dog wades in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike.	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A hockey player looks intently downward.	A hockey player during a game.
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing.	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow.	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow.
A person on a snowmobile.	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump.
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow.	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow.
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle.	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods.
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break.	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Two brown dogs running together on sand	Two brown dogs are running on the sand.
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee.	A black poodle is running in the snow.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
A dog digging in the sand.	A brown dog digs in the sand.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores.	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream.	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water.
A person on a bmx bike.	A man on a bike in mid-air
Two dogs running through tall grass.	Two dogs are running through a grassy area.
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball.	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A group of people standing outside of a building.	A large group of people have formed a line outside.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud.
A group of four children dancing in a backyard.	A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.	Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach.	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach.
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick.	A black and white dog playing in the sand.
A boy waves around a sparkler.	A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.	Two dogs play in the grass.
Several people are sitting around a fire at night.	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night.
Two boys are jumping into a pool.	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool.
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach.	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes	A man and two women dressed in costumes.
Two boys, one wearing a hat, in a playground.	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment.
Two dogs playing in snow.	Two dogs play in the snow.
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches.	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera.
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow.	A fluffy, white dog running in the snow.
A woman holding a newspaper.	A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
A group of men playing brass instruments.	A group of guys play instruments outside.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.	Two males, one in red and one in white playing a basketball game.
a snowboarder jumps into the air.	A snowboarder flies through the air.
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow.	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide.	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground.
Kids play soccer on a field.	Three boys playing soccer in a field
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes.	A group of men play a college football game.
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another.	A young man jumps from one balcony to another.
One child pulls another, sitting in a red wagon, along the sand.	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.	Two dogs playing in a yard.
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day.	The bird has its wings spread as it flies.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby.
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar.	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud.
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks.	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks.
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean.	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background.	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence.	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence.
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants.	A dog pants while standing in the woods.
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave.	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
The tan and white dog is running in the field.	The brown and white dogs run through the field.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.	Two poodles are running through the snow.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.	A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch.	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch
Dog is jumping down a ramp.	A girls is jumping in the sand.
The dog plays in the park.	The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Two teenage girls, one is smiling.	A little girl on a kid swing.
Two birds interacting in the grass	Two dogs play with each other outdoors.
Four dogs stand in the snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around.
A man running on a track.	a man running track
Two children in a field of red flowers.	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake.	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water.
A small black dog is in the grass.	A black dog is running in the grass.
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera.	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.	A large group of people riding brown and white horses.
Children play fight with swords.	A child and parent pet a horse.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.	A dog is running through the ocean.
A man is skating down a set of stairs.	The man is skiing down a snowy hill.
Three dogs racing on a dirt track	Cars racing on a dirt track
Two people holding hands and walking in a field.	Two men walking past a mural of a car.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee	A brown dog squating on grass.
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room.	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball.
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk.	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk.
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves.	Three dogs run through a field.
two puppies playing around in the grass	Two puppies play in the grass
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.	A dog runs through the grass.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Three dogs running through water.	A black dog running through water.
A woman sits alone against a brick wall	A woman is walking with a red bag.
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range.	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel.
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth.	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal.	A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
The dogs are playing in the snow.	Two dogs playing on the shore.
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool.	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool.
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows.	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows.
A brown dog sits on the beach.	A dog running on the beach
Scuba diver submerged in water.	The scuba diver is underwater.
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill.	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail.
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow.	Four dogs playing in the snow.
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean.	A man walking his cow down the side of the road.
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees.	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees.
A dog in in a car.	A dog is biting a mop.
Child holding an object that is on fire.	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods.	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself.	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
a young boy climbing on a rock wall	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track.
A black and white dog is running on the beach.	The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.	A person skiing down a snowy hill.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant.
A child and two dogs play in the water.	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall.	A skateboarder riding up to a slope.
People are standing on an escalator moving up.	People ride up an escalator.
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.	The brown dog is running across the sand.
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs.	A dog jumps off the stairs.
Some children are raising their hands and clapping.	Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A man blowing a large bubble.	A man walking a large black horse.
Two people sit on a dock near the water.	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water.
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth.	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.
The black and white dog is running on the grass.	A black and white dog swims in blue water.
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net.	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera.
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway.	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings.
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades.	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing.	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs.
A dog running along the beach.	Boy and girl running along the beach.
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing.	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing.
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it's mouth.	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash.
A black dog is running in the grass.	A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear.	A woman is riding her bicycle.
Three dogs play in a grassy field.	Some kids play in a field.
A small white dog climbs over a log.	a small dog steps onto a log.
A young boy plays in a red ball pit.	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls.
A surfer on a wave.	A surfer is riding a wave.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.	Two dogs play in the snow.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park.
Two men in a running contest.	Dogs in a race.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
A black and white dog runs through the water.	Black and brown dog runs through field.
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods.	Two children walking down a path in the woods.
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.	The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
A woman runs on the beach.	a dog runs across the land.
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.	Two dogs running on grass.
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant.	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant.
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched.	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it's mouth.
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth.	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth.
Two people are walking through some water.	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A girl is running on a desert path.	A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach.	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog.
A dog splashing in the water.	A dog splashes in the murky water.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city.	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck.
The dog is in the air above the grass.	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet.
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street.	Woman in a black dress walking on the street.
A black dog is running through some water.	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game.
Girl stands in subway waiting on something.	A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass.
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park.	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth	The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth.
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore.	A classroom of students watching a presentation.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area.
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night.	A brown dog runs on the sand, holding a stick.
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face.	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area.
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth.	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth.
A young girl running on the beach.	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach.
A baseball player throws the ball.	The basketball player holds the ball.
A man is swinging on a rope over water.	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A deer jumps a fence.	A deer is jumping over a fence.
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk.	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets.
