But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open to further bids and hoped to see bidders interested in individual assets team up.	But other sources close to the sale said Vivendi was keeping the door open for further bids in the next day or two.
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate group.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.
U.S. prosecutors have arrested more than 130 individuals and have seized more than $17 million in a continuing crackdown on Internet fraud and abuse.	More than 130 people have been arrested and $17 million worth of property seized in an Internet fraud sweep announced Friday by three U.S. government agencies.
Chavez said investigators feel confident they've got "at least one of the fires resolved in that regard."	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez said investigators felt confident that with the arrests they had "at least one of the fires resolved."
The man accused of using fake grenades to commandeer a Cuban plane that landed in Key West in April was sentenced Friday to 20 years in prison.	A Cuban architect was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday for using two fake grenades to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April.
Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, many arriving passengers in Atlanta will be fingerprinted and photographed.	Jim Williams, director of the US-VISIT project, said that by the middle of November, inspectors will be fingerprinting and photographing many foreign passengers arriving in Atlanta.
The hearing occurred a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for not addressing the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer - Dallager - for failing to address the scandal.
The Episcopal Church ''is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion,'' said the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of the All Saints Cathedral, in Nairobi.	In Nairobi, the provost of All Saints Cathedral, the Very Reverend Peter Karanja, said the US Episcopal Church was alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.
Entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the network's chokepoints and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them.	It may be dying because entrenched interests are positioning themselves to control the Internet's choke-points and they are lobbying the FCC to aid and abet them."
But church members and observers say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians.	But church members and observers say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problems for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibits homosexuality.
The military said it had killed 12 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, for the loss of six soldiers wounded.	The military said it had killed 16 rebels and captured nine in the campaign so far, with one soldier killed and six wounded.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.	The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Lawyers and others familiar with the federal investigation say it remains focused on Campbell, though prosecutors declined to discuss the probe.	While federal prosecutors refuse to discuss the investigation, lawyers and others familiar with it say it remains focused on Campbell.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was off 58.69 points, or 0.64 percent, at 9,137.86.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
A divided Supreme Court ruled Monday that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	The Supreme Court said Monday the government can require public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters, rejecting librarians' complaints that the law amounts to censorship.
The weakness exists in the way that VBA looks at the properties of documents passed to it when the document is opened by a host application.	The vulnerability exists in the way Microsoft's Visual Basic for Applications checks document properties passed to it when a document is opened.
However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price efforts made".	However, we have decided to opt for the European consortium's engine as the best overall solution."
The Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's 2001 application to sell Erbitux, citing shoddy research.	The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.
Critics say the law violates civil liberties, something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to.	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., says he is sensitive to civil liberties complaints.
The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 31/32, taking its yield to 4.16 percent -- another record low -- from 4.22 percent.	The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.
On Thursday, a Washington Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely, contrary to the Wall Street Journal's line.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.
Excluding the charges, analysts, on average, expected a loss of 11 cents a share.	Analysts polled by Thomson Financial First Call had been expected to see a loss of about 11 cents a share from continuing operations.
Security experts are warning that a new mass-mailing worm is spreading widely across the Internet, sometimes posing as e-mail from the Microsoft founder.	A new worm has been spreading rapidly across the Internet, sometimes pretending to be an e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, antivirus vendors said Monday.
Mr Sahel said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14-strong cell believed to have carried out the five almost simultaneous attacks on Saturday.	He said police had identified the bodies of seven of the 14 bombers who launched five almost simultaneous raids Friday night.
Only New Jersey now bans holders of learners permits or intermediate licenses from using cell phones, pagers or other wireless devices while driving.	In addition, the NTSB also recommended to NHTSA that state legislation be enacted to prohibit holders of learners permits and intermediate licenses from using mobile phones while driving.
The University of Michigan released today a new admissions policy after the U.S. Supreme Court struck down in June the way it previously admitted undergraduates.	The University of Michigan plans to release a new undergraduate admissions policy Thursday after its acceptance requirements were rejected by the U.S. Supreme Court in June.
The audiotape aired last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appears to be an effort to incite attacks.	An audiotape aired last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survived the war.
Former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Last week, former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy and agreed to cooperate with the government's investigation.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.	The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.	The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
The American decision provoked an angry reaction from the European Commission, which described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful".	The European Commission, the EU's powerful executive body, described the move as "legally unwarranted, economically unfounded and politically unhelpful."
Ms. Cripps-Prawak left last Friday, two days after the department introduced a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctors' offices.	The director of the Office of Medical Access, Cindy Cripps-Prawak, left her job after the department introduced a plan to distribute marijuana through doctors' offices.
During 2001 and 2002, Morgenthau said, wire transfers from just four of Beacon Hill's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion.	Wire transfers from four of the 40 accounts open at Beacon Hill totaled more than $3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002, Morgenthau said.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled that the Akron-based company should have determined that changes at one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions.	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determined that modernizing one of its plants would increase overall pollution emissions, U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus ruled Thursday.
"I came basically to Washington to establish relationships and to make sure that we are getting more federal money to California," Schwarzenegger said after meeting with congressional Republicans.	"I came to Washington basically to establish relationships and make sure we are getting more federal money," Schwarzenegger said after one meeting.
The latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting; they were forecasting claims to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week.	Despite problems in the job market, the latest snapshot of the labor markets was slightly better than economists were expecting.
"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete," Barrett said.	"IT is the only vehicle on which established economies will be able to compete" with fast-growing economies such as China and India, Barrett said.
Antonio Monteiro de Castro, 58, currently director of the group’s Latin America & Caribbean operations, will become chief operating officer from the same date.	BAT also said Antonio Monteiro de Castro, director for Latin America and the Caribbean, would become chief operating officer on January 1, 2004.
"Spin and manipulative public relations and propaganda are not the answer," it said.	The report added that "spin" and manipulative public relations "are not the answer," but that neither is avoiding the debate.
Another shooting linked to the spree occurred Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.	The latest shooting linked to the spree was a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz, about two miles from the freeway.
On Tuesday, the central bank left interest rates steady, as expected, but also declared that overall risks were weighted toward weakness and warned of deflation risks.	The central bank's policy board left rates steady for now, as widely expected, but surprised the market by declaring that overall risks were weighted toward weakness.
Fighting erupted after four North Korean journalists confronted a dozen South Korean activists protesting human rights abuses in the North outside the main media centre.	Trouble flared when at least four North Korean reporters rushed from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activists protesting against human rights abuses in the North.
The router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $200, the company said.	Netgear prices the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router, which will be available in the first quarter of 2004, at under $200.
The officials did not say whether U.S. forces crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian border guards became involved.	U.S. officials did not say whether American forces, who were acting on intelligence, crossed into Syrian territory and were vague about how the Syrian guards were involved.
On Monday, as first reported by CNET News.com, the RIAA withdrew a DMCA notice to Penn State University's astronomy and astrophysics department.	Last Thursday, the RIAA sent a stiff copyright warning to Penn State's department of astronomy and astrophysics.
The first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS was a Filipina-Canadian who contracted the disease at North York General Hospital, the site of the second outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, turned himself in in June; his deputy was killed in a recent shootout with Saudi forces.	Their leader, Abu Bakr al-Azdi, surrendered in June; his deputy was killed in a shoot-out with Saudi forces recently.
Palm Wednesday announced plans to acquire Handspring, a company started by Jeff Hawkins, regarded by many as the father of the Palm handheld.	Palm said on Wednesday it plans to buy Handspring, a company created by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins.
"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it is not our proposal but I'm not going to be negative about it".	"I'm not going to be sponsoring it because it's not our proposal, but I'm not responding to it in a negative way," he said.
The government recently shelved peace talks with the MILF, being brokered by Malaysia, after a string of attacks, including three bombings, on Mindanao.	The government recently shelved peace talks being brokered by neighbouring Malaysia after a spate of attacks on Mindanao, including three deadly bombings, that it blamed on the MILF.
ISRAELI soldiers knocked down empty mobile homes and water towers in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outposts overnight as part of a US-backed Mideast peace plan.	Israeli soldiers began tearing down settlement outposts in the West Bank yesterday - an Israeli obligation under a new Mideast peace plan.
Get it all out," says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm based in New York City.	Innocent or not, "she's damaged goods," said Howard Davidowitz, chairman of Davidowitz & Associates, a national retail consulting firm in New York.
U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 21 others, the military said.	U.S. forces struck dozens of targets on Monday, killing six guerrillas and arresting 99 others during 1,729 patrols and 25 raids conducted over 24 hours.
"Close co-operation between law-enforcement agencies and intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism," Mr Howard said.	Close cooperation between regional law enforcement agencies and intelligence services was at the heart of the fight against terrorism, he said.
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division said a truck had exploded outside the building about 11am, and that one of the compound's outer walls had collapsed.	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division said a truck had exploded outside the building at around 11 am.
This northern autumn US trainers will work with soldiers from four North African countries on patrolling and gathering intelligence.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.	The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.	Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
"Whatever has happened to you by way of punishment is certainly more than enough," Covello told the 49-year-old, whose family, friends and supporters filled half the courtroom.	"What has happened to you, sir, by way of punishment, is certainly more than enough," Covello said.
The two-year note US2YT=RR fell 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 1.23 percent from 1.16 percent late on Monday.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.
The world's two largest automakers said their U.S. sales declined more than predicted last month as a late summer sales frenzy caused more of an industry backlash than expected.	Domestic sales at both GM and No. 2 Ford Motor Co. declined more than predicted as a late summer sales frenzy prompted a larger-than-expected industry backlash.
A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and was expected to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coasts by Monday night.	A tropical storm rapidly developed in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force winds when it hits land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night.
The pressure may well rise on Thursday, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN, the cable sports network.	The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.
Part of the accord was the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reforming the health system.	A key portion of the accord was the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending, set goals for the system and measure progress in reforming health care.
Dynes came to UC San Diego in 1991 after 22 years as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs.	Dynes has been at UC San Diego since 1991 after spending 22 years with AT&T Bell Labs, where he worked on superconductors and other materials.
Shares in BA were down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT, off a low of 164p, in a slightly stronger overall London market.	Shares in BA were down three percent at 165-1/4 pence by 0933 GMT, off a low of 164 pence, in a stronger market.
The companies, Chiron and Aventis Pasteur, together made about 80 million doses of the injected vaccine, which ordinarily would have been enough to meet U.S. demand.	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together made about 80 million doses, ordinarily enough for U.S. demand, The Associated Press reported.
Mayor Joe T. Parker said late Thursday that the three workers were two men and a woman who were inside the building when the first blast occurred.	The missing workers, two men and a woman, were inside the building when the first blast occurred, Mayor Joe T. Parker said.
London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters: "We condemn this raid, which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable."	"We condemn this raid which is in our view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable," London-based NCRI official Ali Safavi told Reuters by telephone.
Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday, but it turned out to be an animal bone, authorities said.	Investigators uncovered a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night, but authorities said it was from an animal.
But Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said: ''Mention the word prohibition and everyone knows what happened there.	Forest, the Freedom Organisation for the Right to Enjoy Smoking Tobacco, said it had greeted The Lancet's call with "amusement and disbelief'".
Once converted, BayStar will own an aggregate of approximately 2.95 million shares of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.	The investment gives Larkspur, Calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million shares of SCO common stock, or 17.5 percent of the company's outstanding shares.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.	"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) asked Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted Internet spam, which now accounts for up to half of all e-mail traffic.	The Federal Trade Commission asked Congress yesterday for broader powers to attack the rapidly growing problem of spam, which new studies show accounts for half of all e-mail traffic.
A federal grand jury indicted them on Tuesday; the document was sealed until yesterday to allow authorities to make arrests.	Federal officials said the document remained sealed until Thursday morning to allow authorities to make arrests in five Western states.
People who have opposed these actions throughout are now trying to find fresh reasons to say this wasn't the right thing to do."	"What is happening here is that people who have opposed this action throughout are trying to find fresh reasons why it was not the right thing to do."
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.	Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.	There will be 9.3 million visitors to hot spots in 2003, up from 2.5 million in 2002, Gartner said.
The proportion of people covered by employers dropped from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year.	The proportion of Americans with insurance from employers declined to 61.3 percent, from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000.
WORLD No. 2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused the Association of Tennis Professionals of malice, including an alleged attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.	World No.2 Lleyton Hewitt has accused his professional peers of long-standing malice, including an attempt last year to dupe him into refusing a drug test.
Families stuck on the highway remained in their cars, and used their cell phones to call home.	Families stuck on the highway were being urged to remain in their cars, and to use their cell phones only in case of emergency.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
Women who eat potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy may be at risk of triggering type 1 diabetes in their children, Melbourne researchers believe.	Australian researchers believe they have found a trigger of type 1 diabetes in children - their mothers eating potatoes and other tuberous vegetables during pregnancy.
People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually may be well on their way to hypertension under new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.	People who once thought their blood pressure was fine actually need to start exercising and eating better, according to new U.S. guidelines published on Wednesday.
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.	"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.
Amazon also reported that the New York Attorney General's office had settled civil fraud charges with one of the spoofers it identified.	Amazon and the New York attorney general's office have already settled with one of the alleged e-mail forgers.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.	Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
The ADRs fell 10 cents to $28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today.	Shares of Fox Entertainment Group Inc., News Corp.'s U.S. media and entertainment arm, fell 45 cents to $26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a $70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
A search for three missing teenagers uncovered at least two bodies buried beneath freshly poured concrete in the basement of a house, authorities said Wednesday.	Authorities performed an autopsy Thursday on one of three bodies recovered from beneath a layer of freshly poured concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.	As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.	Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
Added Mr. Prodi: "Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strengths and our weakness."	"Maybe, but the old age helps us to understand our strength and our weakness and the reality of the world.
Spokesmen for the FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on El Shukrijumah's stay in Canada.	The FBI, CIA, Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian Mounted Police declined to comment on the Washington Times report.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
"Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through," she said.	She also pledged to bring peace to Iraq: "Americans don't cut and run, we have to see this misadventure through."
"There is no doubt about the chemical programme, biological programme, indeed nuclear programme, indeed all that was documented by the UN," he said.	He added: "There is no doubt about the chemical programme, the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapons programme.
"It just seems like all the issues that we support, he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus of LULAC.	"It just seems like all the issues that we support he doesn't," said Gabriela Lemus, the league's director of policy and legislation.
"City-grown pollution, and ozone in particular, is tougher on country trees," says Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg.	"I know this sounds counterintuitive, but it's true: City-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- is tougher on country trees," U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg said.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.	Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
On May 1, he crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff and walked some six miles down the canyon.	He crawled through a narrow, winding canyon, rappelled down a 60-foot cliff, and walked some six miles down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah.
Amnesty International has said that over the past 20 years it has collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher.	Amnesty International said that over the past 20 years it had collected information about 17,000 disappearances in Iraq.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 was 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79.	The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 9,568.
Texas Instruments climbed $1.37 to $19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advanced $1.76 to $36.31.	Texas Instruments climbed $US1.37 to $US19.25 and Novellus Systems advanced $US1.76 to $US36.31, each having been raised to "overweight" by Lehman.
She asked to be excused from last week's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.	She took the highly unusual step of skipping cabinet to attend a meeting with the presidents of Rwanda and Uganda.
"We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue," the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.	China's foreign ministry said: "We hope all parties will continue to make efforts and continue the process of dialogue."
In a mixture of ancient pagan and modern Christian rites, the villagers have staged a series of ceremonies hoping to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor.	In a mixture of ancient Melanesian pagan and modern Christian ceremonies the people tried again to erase the misfortunes they believe have kept them poor since that long-ago meal.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.	In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
A Royal Duty is based on his experiences with Diana, Princess of Wales and letters allegedly to and from her.	The royal household was bracing itself for any more revelations in A Royal Duty, based on the former servant’s time with Diana, Princess of Wales.
The army said the raid, which comes just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the Hamas leader in the city, targeted militants in Hamas.	The arrests came just days after Israeli troops shot and killed Abdullah Kawasme, the militant group's leader in Hebron.
SARS went on to claim the lives of 44 people in the Toronto area, including two nurses and a doctor.	The virus killed 44 people in the Toronto area, including one doctor and two nurses.
Apple Computer's new online music service sold more than 1 million songs during its first week of operation, the company said Monday.	Apple Computer Inc. said Monday it exceeded record industry expectations by selling more than 1 million songs since the launch of its online music store a week ago.
He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and barred from the complex - home to his mother and two children.	He had been arrested twice before for trespassing and was barred from the complex.
Oracle Corp's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison didn't rule out sweetening the company's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc.	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison has hinted that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.	Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The Portuguese weather service said Europe's heatwave was caused by a mass of hot, dry air moving from the southeast.	The heatwave was due to a mass of hot, dry air from the southeast, said Mario Almeida of Portugal's weather service.
"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," they announced at a press conference yesterday.	"Spending taxpayer dollars to create terrorism betting parlors is as wasteful as it is repugnant," Wyden and Dorgan said Monday in a letter to the Pentagon.
Still, the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product, Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said.	But Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich said the "somewhat ambiguous ruling" by regulators might be a setback for Static Control depending on how it developed its competing product.
The monkeys could track their progress by watching a schematic representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.	The arm was kept in a separate room, but the monkeys could track their progress by watching a representation of the arm and its motions on a video screen.
That triggered a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenienced thousands of commuters, as traffic backed up in Downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
According to security sources, London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens placed his force on its highest state of alert last week following the warning.	The Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner, placed his force on its highest alert last week.
Complicating the situation is the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have been fighting on both sides.	Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.	Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
Cisco executives said they were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but hoped for a rebound.	Cisco executives were encouraged by $1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income, but said they remained ``cautiously optimistic'' about a rebound.
A poll showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor had given a boost to his reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz.	A poll released this week showed that the FBI bugging of the mayor has given a boost to his re-election effort.
The injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital died later Friday morning, Jones said.	The injured passenger at John Peter Smith died later in the morning; his name has not been released, Jones said.
Sobig.F spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain such familiar headings as "Thank You!," "Re: Details" or "Re: That Movie."	The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".
Is it in the food supply?" says David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.	"It's not zero," said David Ropeik, director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for Risk Analysis.
Fletcher said he expects to have the support of lawmakers from agricultural states, many of whom are on the committee.	He said he also expects to have the support of lawmakers from other agricultural states.
Seven 20- and 21-year-old cadets were ticketed by police for drinking alcohol in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young women, aged 16 and 18.	Seven 20- and 21-year-old male cadets were caught in an off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens, 16 and 18 years.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
The camp hosts summer religious retreats for children and other events year-round, according to its Web site.	The Saint Sophia Camp hosts religious retreats for children during the summer months as well as other events year round, according to its Web site.
Along with chipmaker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp., Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp.	Along with chip maker Intel, the companies include Sony, Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines, Gateway, Nokia and others.
Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and locked out their union workers the next day.	In a show of corporate solidarity, Kroger Co., which owns Ralphs, and Albertson Inc. locked out their workers the next morning.
According to the Census Bureau, the Hispanic population increased by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figures.	The Hispanic population increased by 9.8per cent from the April 2000 census figures, despite less favourable social and economic conditions than in the 1990s.
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.	Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.	Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
"It was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games," Thomas said.	"We're in the Stanley Cup finals, and it was a little bit embarrassing the way we played in the first two games.
Mr. Mask said Mr. Cullen would be taken from the Somerset County Jail by Thursday and moved to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care.	Charles Cullen, 43, was transferred from the Somerset County Jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center, a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton.
The report by the independent expert committee aims to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS crisis.	A long awaited report on the Hong Kong government's handling of the SARS outbreak has been released.
The plane was estimated to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.	US Airways Flight 5481, which crashed Jan. 8, was judged to be within 100 pounds of its maximum takeoff weight.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.	The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
The drop in core wholesale prices in April reflected falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boy's clothes and cigarettes.	That was the biggest drop since August 1993 and stemmed from falling prices for cars, trucks, men's and boys' clothes and cigarettes.
Gainer said the two staff aides are "very sorry this all happened," and the security personnel had performed "well within standards."	The security personnel performed ``well within standards'' and the two staff aides were ``very sorry all this happened,'' Gainer said.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
International rescue workers are scouring flattened debris for survivors in Iran's shattered ancient Silk Road city of Bam after a violent earthquake killed more than 20,000 people.	International rescue workers hacked desperately through flattened debris for survivors and cemeteries overflowed in Iran's ancient Silk Road city of Bam yesterday.
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing the seriousness of the remaining problem.	The academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be made public, Rosa said.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.	The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
The Conference Board reported its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slipped to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May.	The consumer-confidence index came in at 83.5 in June, down slightly from a revised 83.6 in May, the Conference Board said.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.	The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.	BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheering crowd.	Vice President Dick Cheney says Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of his government and business savvy.
The 51-year-old nurse worked at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the latest outbreak.	Emile Laroza, 51, contracted SARS while working as a nurse at North York General Hospital, the epicentre of the second SARS outbreak.
He also recruited others to participate in the scheme by convincing them to receive fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered for himself.	He also recruited other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtained merchandise he had ordered.
Gartner's report said global WLAN equipment shipments reached 19.5 million last year, a 120 percent increase over 2001's 8.9 million units.	Total shipments reached 19.5 million units last year, compared with 8.9 million units in 2001.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.	With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.	Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Roy Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stood accused but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently presided over.	Moore, the suspended chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, stands trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 164 points, or 1.91 percent, to 8,765.38, brushing its highest levels since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI tacked on 97 points, or 1.14 percent, to 8,699.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.	It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.	The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.	National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	"However, we are not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."
The House voted 425 to 2 to clear the bill, the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.	The bill is among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.	Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
Shares of Halliburton fell 71 cents, or 3 percent, to close at $21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Halliburton shares fell 54 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade.
He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel and demanding U.S. forces leave Iraq.	He said the attackers left behind leaflets urging workers at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop working at the hotel.
With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing is slated to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15.	With diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis, Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing flies to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13.
Tail wagging, Abbey trotted on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center.	On Monday, Abbey trotted on stage, tail wagging, with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendees at PeopleSoft's annual customer conference.
At midnight on Wednesday, 68 percent of voters said "no" to the tax, with 97 percent of the votes counted.	With 97 percent of precincts counted tonight, 68 percent of voters opposed the tax.
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.	The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
Graham is expected to be nominated and elected to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address.	Later Tuesday, Graham was expected to be re-elected for a second one-year term.
Barbini said the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry successfully fought here.	Barbini said the EU may reach a compromise but it wants a system for labeling such foods, something the industry has resisted.
Also weighing on the market was news that General Motors GM.N planned to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.	Also hurting was news General Motors GM.N was to issue $10 billion in debt, in part to plug a hole in its pension plan.
"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel," said Silver.	"I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley,'' the Silver statement said. "
Hispanics, the fastest growing ethnic group in the US, have overtaken blacks to become the largest minority in the US, according to newly released government figures.	Hispanics have officially overtaken African Americans as the largest minority group in the US, according to a report released by the US Census Bureau.
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.	"I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, 2003, advanced services lines for ADSL increased by 37 percent and cable modem connections increased by 75 percent.	For the 12-month period ending June 30, high-speed lines installed in homes and businesses increased by 45 percent.
The new research will be published soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.	Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
Lowe's, with about half as many stores, reported a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sales.	Home Depot reported a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sales.
Two convicted killers and another inmate escaped from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cutting through a fence, a Corrections Department official said.	A convicted killer and two other inmates cut through two fences topped with razor wire and escaped from a state prison on a busy street.
Officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, and Reyna dropped a knee into his back, according to testimony.	That's when officers threw him to the ground and handcuffed him, according to testimony.
Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police officer J.D. Tambe told Reuters, adding 26 of the dead were women.	Officials are trying to retrieve the bodies from the water," police official J.D. Tambe told Reuters.
According to market research from The NPD Group, the number of people downloading music dropped from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June.	The number of households acquiring music fell from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June, according to NPD.
MEN who drink tea, particularly green tea, can greatly reduce their risk of prostate cancer, a landmark WA study has found.	DRINKING green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of men contracting prostate cancer, a study by Australian researchers has discovered.
The CWA, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called that excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 a year.	The Communications Workers Union, which represents more than 2,300 Comcast employees, called the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee makes about $27,000 annually.
The consumer group generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue from January to June, 53% of Citigroup's profit and revenue.	It generated $4.47 billion of profit and $20 billion of revenue in the year's first half, 53 percent of Citigroup's totals.
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. Annika Sorenstam drew the crowds, Michelle Wie got the publicity but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP, N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie drew the crowds, but Angela Stanford took her first LPGA victory.
Stocks dipped lower Tuesday as investors opted to cash in profits from Monday's big rally despite a trio of reports suggesting modest improvement in the economy.	Wall Street moved tentatively higher Tuesday as investors weighed a trio of reports showing modest economic improvement against an urge to cash in profits from Monday's big rally.
From the start, however, the United States' declared goal was not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government.	But the United States' ultimate goal was not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government.
While some other parts of Africa have been used as staging grounds for the terror group, Malawi previously had not been a major focus of investigations into al-Qaida.	While some other parts of Africa have been used as Al Qaeda staging grounds, Malawi had previously not been a major focus of investigations into the group.
On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured in southern Iraq when a munitions dump exploded.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 19.72 points, or 1.98 percent, to 1,015.69.	The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.
It will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police, strengthen the courts and prisons system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation.	The intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.
A jury convicted rapper C-Murder, also known as Corey Miller, of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub.	Rapper C-Murder has been convicted of second-degree murder, a crime that carries an automatic life sentence, in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.	Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong had a few words of advice for other cancer survivors in Denver on Friday.	Five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong is in Denver today for a meeting about surviving cancer.
She survives him as do their four children -- sons Anthony and Kelly, daughters Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchildren.	Hope is survived by his wife; sons Anthony and Kelly; daughters Linda and Nora Somers; and four grandchildren.
Police using pepper spray arrested 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activists protesting an annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit.	Police used pepper spray and rubber bullets to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activists protesting an annual police intelligence-training seminar.
The department ordered an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds.	The department ordered a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds, the state's largest insurer, and an 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds, the third-largest.
Announcing the selection, Kmart CEO Julian Day said Grey will help the retailer "find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the new America consumer."	Together, we will find creative ways to communicate the unique strengths of Kmart to the 'new America' consumer."
Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended the deadline to Oct. 17, and they are still working on it.	Republicans had pledged to complete a Medicare drug package by August, then extended it to Oct. 17.
Supermarket chains facing a possible grocery clerk strike this week accused union leaders Monday of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend.	Supermarket chains are accusing union leaders of breaking off contract talks prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerks gear up for a possible strike.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .	Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
Bush plans to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, in the Jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday.	On Wednesday next week, Mr Bush will meet Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba, Jordan.
"It is safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	Its safe to assume the Senate is prepared to pass some form of a cap....The level of it is to be debated.
Another big gainer was Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people), which shot 32 percent higher.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.
Still, he noted Miami must decide whether to seek ACC membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.	Still, he noted that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guidelines.
Revenues for "The Hulk" came in well below those of last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, "X2: X-Men United," which grossed $85.6 million in its opening weekend.	The Hulk trailed last month's Marvel Comics adaptation, X2: X-Men United, which grossed $85.6-million in its opening weekend.
The valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be collected and turned in to county election officials by Sept. 2.	To force a recall election of Davis, the valid signatures of 897,158 registered California voters must be turned in to election officials.
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR lost 11/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.21 percent from 3.17 percent late on Monday.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 18/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.24 percent from 3.17 percent.
The MDC called the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis.	The MDC called the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis gripping the country.
The 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday ruled that an Ohio law banning a controversial late-term abortion method passes constitutional muster and the state can enforce it.	An Ohio law that bans a controversial late-term abortion procedure is constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it, a federal appeals court ruled yesterday.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.	The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
"What can I say to you?" he told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.	Mr. Powell told a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstones, many of them marking the graves of entire families.
"We're going to do everything in our power to get money back to ratepayers as quickly as possible," Kennedy said.	"There's very strong interest in getting money back to the ratepayers as quickly as possible," Commissioner Susan Kennedy said.
U.S. and European leaders pledged on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons, presenting a united front after months of bitter acrimony over Iraq.	Bush said U.S. and European Union leaders, at an annual Washington summit, agreed on the need to keep Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
The meeting was scheduled to end Wednesday night, with attendees approving resolutions that express the denomination's view on issues but that are not binding on churches.	On Wednesday, attendees will vote on resolutions that express the Southern Baptist view on issues, but are not binding on individual churches.
But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups tagged the state as deficient under the federal No Child Left Behind act.	But the inadequate performance of students in various subgroups, such as race, pushed the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal No Child Left Behind Act.
This led to the recovery of the 270-kilogram Cancuen altar, announced on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society.	This led last month to the recovery of the 600-pound Cancun altar, Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announced Wednesday.
Shares of Allergan fell 14 cents to close at $78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange (news - web sites).	Shares of Allergan were up 14 cents at $78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
In a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean, he predicted Americans would not elect a Democrat "who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."	They will not elect as president a Democrat who sounds an uncertain trumpet in these dangerous times."
That took the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR down 9/32, its yield rising to 3.37 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.	That saw the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slip 5/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.36 percent from 3.34 percent late on Thursday.
The report forecasts there will be 71,079 hot spots worldwide this year, up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001.	The report also claims that there will be up to 9.3 million visitors to hot spots this year, up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002.
A new study, conducted in Europe, found the medicine worked just as well as an earlier disputed study, sponsored by ImClone Systems, said it did.	Doctors concluded Erbitux, the cancer drug that enmeshed ImClone Systems in an insider trading scandal, worked just as well as an earlier company-sponsored study said it did.
Her lawyer Donald Levine told The Telegraph she had been offered $US250,000 to tell her story exclusively to Australian TV.	Mr Levine said she had been offered $400,000 to tell her story to an Australian TV network.
The lawsuit names Shelley, a Democrat, and registrars in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The lawsuit named Secretary of State Kevin Shelley, a Democrat, and the registrars of voters in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.
Negotiators said Friday they made good progress during their latest round of talks on creating a Central American Free Trade Agreement.	Negotiators said Friday they made progress during their latest round of free-trade negotiations between the United States and five Central American countries this week in Houston.
"It's very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," where there is a lack of expertise, says one banker.	"It is very difficult to do large syndicated loans in Japan," says one banker.
Every Thursday, a grains management committee meets in the Commission's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.	A grains management committee normally meets each Thursday in the Commission's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday's raids -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender.
He urged Congress to "send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."	"I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law," he said.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Another said its members would continue to call the more than 50 million phone numbers on the Federal Trade Commission's list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.	Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
A floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, the ship took about five years to build.	The Reagan, a floating airfield with a flight deck covering 4.5 acres, is the ninth Nimitz-class carrier to be built at the Newport News shipyard.
Im very proud of the citizens of this state, said Gov. John Baldacci, a casino foe.	"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.
Stout previously worked for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc., where he was vice president and chief technology and information officer.	Stout comes to Sprint from GE Capital, where he served as chief technology and information officer.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.	The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
Davey graduated Saturday from Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, with a bachelor of arts degree in religion and philosophy.	Davey started attending Northwest College, which is affiliated with the Assemblies of God, in 1999 with plans to become a minister.
"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow, and tomorrow will come soon."	"Your withdrawal from our country is inevitable, whether it happens today or tomorrow," added the voice, which signed off giving the date as "mid-September."
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.	Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
According to a news release sent by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation, Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce "Terri's Bill" during the special session Monday.	Florida's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd, is expected to introduce ''Terri's Bill'' during a one-day special session of the state legislature being held today in Tallahassee.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu said Sunday he did not see what "all the fuss" was over appointing a gay bishop, but urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.	South Africa's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu says he does not understand all the fuss about appointing a gay bishop, but he has urged homosexual clergy to remain celibate.
Russian stocks fell after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of Yukos Oil, on charges of fraud and tax evasion.	The weekend arrest of Russia's richest man, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, chief executive of oil major YUKOS, on charges of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial markets.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.	Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
For the year, it expects sales of $94 million and a profit of 26 cents a share from continuing operations.	This is an increase from the $22.5 million and 5 cents a share previously forecast.
He explained that he found Antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England's University of Bristol.	He explained that he found antetonitrus when he came to Wits in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain.
Air Canada, the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world, has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.	The No. 11 airline in the world, Air Canada has been under court protection from creditors since April 1.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.	The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
The bodies of some of the dead, pulled out from under the train, were laid out beside the tracks while emergency services brought in wooden coffins.	The bodies of many of the dead, pulled from under the partially derailed train, were laid out by the tracks awaiting identification.
"It seems to me ... we're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses," said Gammerman, who heard the case without a jury.	"Leaving aside attorney fees, we're dealing with bragging rights of who wins and who loses," said Gammerman.
Results of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standards have improved but still lag for those off reserves.	The 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey released Wednesday by Statistics Canada says living standards have improved but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave their often impoverished reserves.
"The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims should keep consumer expectations at current levels and may signal more favorable economic times ahead."	The recent turnaround in the stock market and an easing in unemployment claims "may signal more favorable economic times ahead," she said.
While the day's trading was lackluster, the Standard & Poor's 500 index was preparing to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998.	The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.
ONA explicitly stated that it did not receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network was planning to mount an operation in Bali.	"But at no stage did ONA receive intelligence material indicating that Jemaah Islamiyah was planning to mount an operation in Bali."
The American women, who are defending champions, will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28.	The U.S. women, who are defending champions, will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus, Ohio.
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad is formally sentenced Feb. 12, but Virginia judges rarely take such action.	Though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole, experts say Virginia judges rarely take that opportunity.
Ray Brent Marsh, 29, faces multiple counts of burial service fraud, making false statements, abuse of a dead body and theft.	Ray Brent Marsh, 29, also faces charges of abuse of a body, and theft.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.	Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
The settlement taking effect this week was reached less than two months after O'Malley took the helm of the nation's fourth-largest archdiocese.	The $85 million agreement was reached in September, less than two months after Archbishop Sean O'Malley took over as leader of the nation's fourth-largest diocese.
The U.S. Capitol was evacuated yesterday after authorities detected a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing, Capitol Police said.	U.S. Capitol Police evacuated the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detected a possible biohazard in the Senate wing, but authorities later said it was a false alarm.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was down 0.04 points, or 0 percent, at 971.52.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures for June were down 2.60 points at 965.70, while Nasdaq futures were down 7.50 points at 1,183.50.
Dubbed Project Mad Hatter, the Linux-based desktop is being promoted by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows.	Designed to compete with Microsoft Corp., Project Mad Hatter is being positioned by Sun as a cheaper, secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft's various desktop offerings.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
A key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's bribery scheme was accused Wednesday of changing his story about Silvester's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm.	A key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester's corruption scheme testified on Tuesday about kickbacks and bribes Silvester traded for state business.
"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," said the administration, part of the Homeland Security Department.	"The mission of the CAPPS II system has been and always will be aviation security," they said.
Hovan did not speak, but his lawyer, John Speranza, said his client "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone.	Hovan "did not wake up that day" intending to hurt anyone, defense attorney John Speranza said.
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment," Daschle wrote.	"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight," Daschle of South Dakota wrote the Republican president.
In the latest top-level shuffle at CNN, Teya Ryan is leaving her post as general manager of U.S. programming, the network announced.	In CNN's latest move to rejuvenate ratings, the network has ousted Teya Ryan, general manager of U.S. programming.
He is suspected of being a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah, the al-Qa'eda-linked terror group which has been blamed for the bombings.	Samudra, 32, is suspected of being a key figure in the al-Qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah, which has been blamed for carrying out the bombings.
China's Health Ministry said five more people had died of Sars and a further 159 were infected.	On Monday, China said nine more people had died from SARS and that 160 more were infected with the virus.
An incremental step reported by researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort.	The incremental step, reported by researchers at UC San Francisco, is the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mice with the virus.
He said the FDA was hoping Congress and the courts would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers.	He said FDA hopes Congress and the courts will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumers — perhaps before the 2004 elections.
The witness, a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal convictions for dishonesty, was paid 10,000 by the News of the World.	The witness was a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant, who was paid by the News of the World, the court heard.
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.	Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
The differences between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other members say their angry personal relationship is embarrassing the party.	Their differences on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other members say it is embarrassing to the party.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.	Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
Bush turned out a statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and said, "Our journey into space will go on."	Mr. Bush did not discuss this when he issued a brief statement yesterday thanking the commission for its work, and saying, "Our journey into space will go on."
OS ANGELES - ''The Hulk'' was a monster at the box office in its debut weekend, taking in a June opening record of $62.6 million.	"The Hulk" took in $62.6 million at the box office, a monster opening and a new June record.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.	After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
The indictment said he attended important meetings to plan the attacks, recruited fellow bombers and coordinated the operation.	Samudra not present in Bangkok, the indictment said, but attended a series of meetings before the attacks, recruiting fellow bombers and coordinating the operation.
Crews worked to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel as storm clouds threatened to dump more rain.	Crews worked to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorists could use the eastbound lanes for travel.
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterated its contention that KBR had "delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms".	"We believe KBR delivered fuel to Iraq at the best value, the best price and the best terms," Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall said.
Elecia Battle, of Cleveland, told police she dropped her purse as she left the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buying the ticket.	Elecia Battle dropped her purse after buying the Mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believes the ticket blew away.
The Cleveland Cavaliers won the right to draft James by winning the NBA's annual lottery Thursday night.	Such was the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers won the "LeBron James Lottery," otherwise known as the NBA draft lottery.
Mr Colpin did not specify whether it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.	Neither OLAF nor the Belgian prosecutors have specified if it was this system that was at the centre of the investigation.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500-stock index was up 4.83 points or 0.49 per cent to 980.76.	Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.
Talabani told him the Governing Council would "need UN assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken."	Talabani told him Iraqi leaders would "need U.N. assistance and advice in implementing the new decisions which have been taken" on organising an interim Iraqi government by June.
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> advanced 11 points, or 1.25 percent, to 931.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 10.89, or 1.2 percent, to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York.
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.	"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The euro has slipped nearly four percent since matching a record peak of around $1.1935 only last week and hitting an all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May.	The euro has slipped as much as four cents since matching a record peak near $1.1935 last week and hitting a record high of 140.90 yen in late May.
With the Expose feature, all open windows shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.	With the Expose (ex-poh-SAY) feature, all the open windows on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but are still clear enough to identify.
The deal, approved by both companies' board of directors, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of Nvidia's fiscal third quarter.	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.
More than 100 police officers were involved in the busts that were the culmination of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine importing and money laundering gang.	More than 100 officers launched the London raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine and money laundering ring.
Stripping out the extraordinary items, fourth-quarter earnings were 64 cents a share compared to 25 cents a share in the prior year.	Earnings were 59 cents a share for the three months ended May 25 compared with 15 cents a share a year earlier.
But at age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at the age of 15, she weighed a whopping 117kg and came to a difficult decision: it was time to try surgery.
"If we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism," he said.	This is a hospital that treats everybody as people, and if we could do that throughout the world, we could end terrorism."
Buoyed by some of the advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.	Buoyed by advice imparted by Nicklaus, Howell shot an 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."	In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
The confusion capped a tumultuous week for the list, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	The free service was originally intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketer calls.
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.	Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court, and we remain hopeful we can do so," chief executive Marce Fuller said.	"Our strong preference is to achieve a financial restructuring out of court," Mirant CEO Marce Fuller said in a prepared statement early Friday.
Named in the complaint were former chief executive officers Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril.	The executives fined included former Chief Executives Paul A. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.	The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with three sham marriages, is also charged with perjury and filing a false instrument.	Chera Larkins, 32, of Manhattan, charged with perjury and filing a false instrument in three marriage applications.
The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson is scheduled to testify on hedge and mutual funds.	The Senate Banking Committee is scheduled to hold a hearing on Tuesday, when Donaldson will be questioned about hedge and mutual funds.
The mock explosion, the first event in the drill, occurred in a car in industrial south Seattle.	The mock explosion of a radioactive "dirty bomb," the first event in the weeklong drill, occurred on several acres in the south Seattle industrial area.
The commission dropped charges that Patton improperly appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appointed Conner's then-husband, Seth, to the Agriculture Development Board.	Patton also appointed Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appointed Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board, the commission says.
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after losing the support of his board amid public furor over his $140 million pay package.	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over his $140 million compensation package.
Sliding down the ice, Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.	Sliding down the embankment, the two rescuers hit the spongy, rocky floor of the river and immediately felt the pull.
Cadbury Schweppes plc plans to cut 5500 jobs and shut factories after a 4.9 billion ($A11.9 billion) acquisition spree over the past three years inflated costs.	Cadbury Schweppes has unveiled plans to slash 5,500 jobs and 20 percent of its factories over four years to cut costs brought about by an acquisition spree.
Mr. Sweeney outlined plans for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.	Sweeney was to outline plans for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the American Political Science Association.
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC panel held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel's two other Republicans.
Besides battling its sales slump, Siebel also has been sparring with some investors upset about huge stock option windfalls company managers have pocketed.	Besides a sales slump, Siebel is sparring with some shareholders over management stock option windfalls.
A 32-count indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world," U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez said.	The newly unsealed 32-count indictment alleges money laundering and conspiracy and "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug-trafficking world," Jiménez said.
A soldier was killed Monday and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Sunday, a U.S. soldier was killed and another injured when a munitions dump they were guarding exploded in southern Iraq.
I was going to the court believing I could do this, only if I played my best tennis.	"I was believing that I was confident I could do this, but only in the case I would play my best tennis.
Dotson told FBI agents that he shot Dennehy after the player tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.	Dotson was arrested July 21 after telling FBI agents he shot Dennehy when Dennehy tried to shoot him, according to the arrest warrant affidavit.
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close on Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	PG&E Corp. shares jumped $1.63 or 8 percent to $21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.
Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three in the ninth and allowed only an infield single by Greg Norton.	Closer Eric Gagne earned his 17th save in as many opportunities as he struck out three of the four batters he faced in the ninth.
Blair's government included the charge that Saddam sought uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for military action.	Britain included the accusation in a September 2002 dossier setting out the case for war in Iraq.
The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launching site in the Gobi Desert.	The spacecraft is scheduled to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launching site in the Gobi Desert.
SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with "ELF" and other slogans, and another was set ablaze in front of a house, Sgt. Tom Wright said.	Several SUVs parked on residential streets in Monrovia were tagged with ``ELF'' and other slogans, said Sgt. Tom Wright.
The pill, which they call the "polypill," would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering drug, three blood pressure-lowering drugs at half the standard dose and folic acid.	The ingredients of such a polypill would contain aspirin, a cholesterol-lowering statin, three blood pressure-lowering agents in half dose, and folic acid.
"They drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away," he said on Sunday.	"What they are doing right now is they drive around in their cars, while people are being killed 500 metres away.
At Tuesday's arraignment hearing, Marsh pleaded not guilty to 122 counts of burial service fraud and 47 counts of making false statements.	At the hearing he pleaded not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statements charges.
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.	The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. said yesterday that its second-quarter profits doubled from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessors offset the weakness of its communications chip business.	Intel Corp.'s second-quarter profits doubled and revenues grew 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant reported stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessors.
Trans fats are created when hydrogen is added to vegetable oil, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain food products.	Trans fats are created when vegetable oil has been partially hydrogenated, solidifying it and increasing the shelf life of certain products.
Schroeder cancelled his Italian holiday after Stefani refused to apologise for the slurs, which came after Berlusconi compared a German politician to a Nazi concentration camp guard.	Stefani's remarks further stoked tension after Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compared a German member of the European Parliament to a Nazi concentration camp guard.
Dell's OpenManage software includes Dell Update Packages with SMS to help automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches with a single tool.	The update packages help "automate the management of server hardware, applications and operating systems patches using one tool," which is unpleasantly vague.
He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold, Moriarty thought.	From the top of the embankment, Moriarty thought, "He'll be swept over any minute or just die of the cold."
But skeptics are concerned about the ease with which vendors can use these hardware-based security features to set digital rights management policies.	But skeptics are concerned about the ease at which these hardware-based security features could be used to set digital rights management policies by vendors.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.	Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.	WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
Prosecutors did an about-face in May and asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of Conner Peterson's autopsy report favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.	They asked that the autopsy reports be unsealed after portions of the autopsy report on Peterson's unborn son that were favorable to the defense were leaked to the media.
Hotly contested legislation that would change the state's takeover law and help a Michigan-based development company fend off a takeover cleared the state Senate on Thursday.	Legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $1-billion takeover won committee approval Tuesday.
However, other unions including the powerful CGT remained opposed to the reform and demanded the government begin fresh negotiations with them.	The powerful CGT and other unions remained opposed to the plans, however, and demanded the government renegotiate the reform with them.
Several thousand 3rd Infantry troops, including the 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week.	A few thousand troops, most from the division's 3rd Brigade Combat Team based at Fort Benning in Columbus, began returning last week, with flights continuing through Friday.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.	In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Prairie dogs sold as exotic pets are believed to have been infected in an Illinois pet shop by a Gambian giant rat imported from Africa.	Prairie dogs are believed to have become infected in a pet shop through a Gambian rat imported from Africa.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.	It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
A man takes a piece of pepperoni pizza out of a pizza box and puts it on the lid after he closes the box.	The man took a piece of pepperoni pizza out of the box.
A large bird standing on a table picks up a plastic glass containing liquid and places it in a bowl of something.	A bird picks up a plastic cup containing a liquid with it's beak and puts the cup into a bowl.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of whole herd has been implemented and that this is not the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States in all amply sufficient.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	They can in fact wish to more and better, but I think that it is a good start.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	One can indeed wish more and better, but I believe very honestly that it is a good start.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It passes in lawsuit next on January 8. It is reproached to him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which besides it denies.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived "is an example of supply in the European Community from a third country.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate all and that, accordingly, it does not have there nor cannot have there of competition without limits.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr. President, my honourable Members, I would like to intervene on the joint resolution that obviously we will vote.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult that always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament is not a long time ago.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I find formulated well thought-out and clearly.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just like the Court of the human rights, the Council of Europe has to him also a solid experiment with regard to such forms of control. We can take it for base.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the European Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also considerable experience with regard to these forms of control; we can take as a basis.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, making it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to women's distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and who have no alternative to continue supporting themselves to their vital needs.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must clearly define the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fisheries, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a subject more controversial, the Commission invited vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put pressure. The money they earn with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must speak now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people All-Ijaw Chevron have been accused of inciting violence against them and to go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the Warri naval base.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the slaughter of whole herds was applied and that does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overriding goal and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We must obviously determine the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation Fund which enable engaging the advantage of public service will probably long fire.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure on the money they gain the distribution beyond the bounds of the 150 grams enables them to strengthen their position.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It must be welcomed that the European Parliament has succeeded in bringing together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly, it was not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we cannot agree.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject the enhanced cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union is a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw natives showed Chevron to incite with the violence in their opposition and of going until paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot at the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wishes to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to incorporate in the Treaty, which demonstrates that this text should be set aside.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be opposite and obviously we cannot support it.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things deteriorate when it is a question of women from countries which have accepted this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It goes trial on 8 January of next year. It is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, as indeed it denies.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which shows that this text should be set aside.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a development of this type which I hope in the other States of the European Union.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, that proves that this text should be set aside.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot solve all and, in this sense, there cannot be any competition without limits.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.
The European Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiations and hence of the enlargement.	The European Council will also discuss the State of progress of the negotiations on membership, and therefore of the '.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to respond and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist age can be abandoned.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality by the mainstreaming and by specific guidelines.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous as far as the consumer of drugs should be the only to run risks.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of legal cooperation constitutes a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament aspires for a long time already.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary primary objective and objectives, will represent the stone of key enabling us to consider the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that of course we will.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the objective of primary and secondary objectives, the cornerstone of allowing us to judge the concrete proposals by the Commission.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers out of a car.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of the whole and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The establishment of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament wants a long time ago.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed want more and better, but quite honestly that I believe this is a good start.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only way for which no tax is not yet seen is that of supply in the European Community from third countries.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Given these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with this situation, the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is a delivery is still seen in the European Community from a third country.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January is accused him for having taken part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which also it denies.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group of the Party of European Socialists, from a Spanish in the negotiations with the;
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in their favour can only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we bow to that decision.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when you think that the European Union raises a champion of the modernisation of economic life.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is something which is most controversial, the committee has called vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still being EU is one of a - in the change from a third country.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of demolition of the whole herd was applied and that does not seem the best means of fighting this phenomenon.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only we had listened to.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which asks for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is a policy of this type that I wish to other States of the European Union.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	It is an evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who refuse enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers in the back seat of a car.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament is aiming for a long time.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not to remain in the second Group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	This is a disgrace when we think that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life!
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I think it is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	In view of these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thanks you.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Vis-a-vis these realities, the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment is essential.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who reject reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passengers back the seat of a car.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must intervene now with money and concrete action, and not just with words.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and for your kind welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the French Presidency thank you.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs as far as the consumer of drugs is the only one to risks.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we now have to intervene with money and concrete actions, and not only with words.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States currently sufficient all amply.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I accomodate the idea favorably to give us an annual appointment in order to take stock of the setting in uvre program.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, it has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States wish to maintaining this ceiling after enlargement.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We must organise ourselves in fifteen Member States, to be able to welcome in good conditions for the countries which are knocking on our door.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those who deny the enhanced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passengers in the back seat of a car.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	We should obviously determine the reasons of the increased incidence of the ESB, not only in France but also in other Member States.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial topic, the Committee has called with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can, moreover, apply to all drugs récréationnelles but dangerous provided that the consumer of drugs is the only run the risks.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guidelines.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right conditions for countries which are knocking on our door.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, on his clear and comprehensive report.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty, which proves that this text should be put to one side.
I would urge the French Presidency to do their utmost to overcome this divide, because it is extremely destructive.	I launch an urgent appeal with the French presidency so that it does all that is in its capacity to fill this particularly destroying ditch.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a more controversial subject, the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is of such a development that I hope the other Member States of the European Union.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	The things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. It is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood, which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. He is accused of having attended a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which he denies.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and secondary objectives, will be the yardstick for judging the concrete proposals put forward by the Commission.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the secondary objective and objectives, will represent the touchstone of enabling us to consider the specific proposals presented by the Commission.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is just that the Committee on legal Affairs of the refusal of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be 7%.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, where it emerges that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on Colombia removal of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us to organise ourselves Fifteen to welcome in good conditions to the countries knocking at our door.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, Europe, the French Presidency would like to thank you.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority struggle for the affirmation of fundamental rights has found expression in political choices.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also wished that the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favour could not have been a series of words réconfortants and do not have any consequences concrete on their existence.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grams allows them to strengthen their position.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, the fishing industry, as the economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar of the approach of the approach adopted by the gender mainstreaming and guidelines.
Finally, in a word, the fourth pillar devoted to equal opportunities reinforces the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guidelines.	Lastly, in a word, the fourth pillar dedicated to the equal opportunity consolidates the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guiding lines.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all-ijaw accused Chevron to incite violence against them and to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the warri naval base.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a way the positive extremely difficult neighbourhood that has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the overarching objective and secondary objectives, represent the touchstone allowing us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another, because the different definitions currently used in the Member States all are quite adequate.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	- British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal, unacceptable for Europe.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We started to have exchanges on this question, from where it arises that all the Member States wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widening.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the measures proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is an urgent matter and it is to this that we have to put this point to the order of the day.
Those who stand apart from reinforced cooperation are really being given the same freedom as the back seat passengers in a car.	Those which refuse the reinforced cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passengers of the back seat of a car.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We must be aware today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still perceived is that of a delivery in the European Community starting from a third country.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also solid experience as regards such forms of control. We can take as a basis.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for accession to the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed in a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make it more imperative the need to promote measures for democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what are the measures to be taken.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I would urge Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up, and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, which are the scientific data, which are the measures to be taken.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared carefully the Karamanou report.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If the employment is the policy of the Union, the Community, as a sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that we can also remain in force more restrictive provisions, but particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In Feira, he recognized the quality of potential candidates to adhesion with the countries taking part in the stabilisation process and of association.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a disgrace when we think that the European Union raises champion of the modernisation of economic life!
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that he had tabled a number of clear recommendations, for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
At Feira, the Council considered those countries participating in the Stabilisation and Association Process as potential applicants for membership of the European Union.	In it, he has recognised the quality of potential candidates for membership in the countries participating in the stabilisation and association process.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European institutions, the French Presidency thank you.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied, and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately, the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we cannot endorse it.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to take stock of the implementation of the programme.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we avoided a budgetary crisis back to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain has developed a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which has always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Internal Affairs has prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation, the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in Albania.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is not yet seen is one of supply in the European Community from a third country.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This could also apply to all drugs but dangerous insofar as the consumer of drugs is the only to run risks.
Clearly, explanations are necessary for the increased incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.	It is obviously necessary to clarify the reasons for the increase in the incidence of BSE, not only in France but also in other Member States.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the slaughter of whole herds principle was applied and that it does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure on the money they earned with distribution beyond the bounds of 150 grams enables them to improve their position.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which requires the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, my dear colleagues, I would like to intervene on the common resolution which of course we will.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It is on trial on 8 January. He is accused of having participated in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, which incidentally it excludes.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee for the foreign affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and complete report/ratio.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	From 1996, the European Parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in terms of such forms of control. We can to base.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force for more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience with regard to such forms of control we can take it as a basis.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of being tested.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have a budget crisis in coming to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the entire herd has been implemented and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally I welcome the idea of giving us an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we cannot approve it.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, which the European Parliament for a long time.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The things worsen when it is question of women of distant countries who accepted this work by need and who do not have any other possibility to continue to provide for their vital needs.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding for the Member States, the different systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore abide by this decision.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us hold to fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the right conditions which countries knocking at our door.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these, the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and is essential.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of Warri.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative that measures to promote democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things worse when it comes to women's distant countries which accepted this work by need and which have no other option to continue to provide for their vital needs.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put pressure. The money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 grammes enables them to strengthen their position.
Action is needed quickly, which is why we decided to include this item on the agenda.	It is urgent and it is for that reason that we have decided to put this item on the agenda.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can indeed wish more and better, but I quite honestly believe that it is a good start.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want to even integrate it in the Treaty, which proves that this text was to be put on side.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us, here in order to be able to welcome in good conditions the countries that are knocking at our door.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, we are not and we must, therefore, we have to comply with this.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have exchanges on this issue, it emerges that all the Member States wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They continue to put the pressure that they earn. money with the distribution of the limit of 150 grammes allows them to strengthen their position.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided electronically.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can apply besides to all récréationnelles but dangerous drugs in so far as the consumer of drug is the only one to run risks.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Lastly, and it is there a subject more discussed, the commission invited with strength to make use of the procedure accelerated to put in uvre this legislation.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We congratulate the provisions proposed in this respect by the Committee and by the general Assembly of the United Nations with regard to the method of non-governmental organisations, and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament was in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the US proposal was a watered-down proposal, which is totally unacceptable for Europe.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than to have to warn the people a ruling in their favour could be a series of reassuring words and have no concrete result on their existence.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we belong to the club, or we are not and we must therefore be packed with this decision.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The preservation of the universal service with a compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private benefits for the benefit of the public service will probably long fire.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, that I find well thought-out and clearly formulated.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party to serious and about the rules of the sale of consumer products by means of the Community, just as it sets about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
It is gratifying that Parliament has succeeded in producing a large majority in favour of more openness.	It is necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeeded in gathering a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report, which deals with the taxation of services provided electronically.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persists in refusing a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service means of a compensation fund which could initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably deal fire.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr. President, the Committee on Citizens and of the rights of citizens, justice and the businesses interiors prepared with much care the Karamanou report/ratio.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek imperative more the need to promote measures, of strengthening the institutions and the respect of human rights in Albania.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this co-operation, for your support and also for your reception, Madam the President, Mesdames and the European Deputies, the French presidency thanks you.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière, report that I find well and clearly.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise ourselves in fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the countries that are knocking at our door.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is absolutely not certain only the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another, because the various definitions used currently in the Member States are enough all amply.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text that calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty to be adopted in Nice.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, which is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguard of the universal service using compensation funds which would make it possible to engage of the private profits to the profit of the public service will probably make failure.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a shame when they believe that the European Union presents itself as the champion of the modernisation of the life!
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I urge that to seize this motion, this invitation, this request of dialogue, to give further and to make sure that, together with this Assembly, these relics of a nationalist might be.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us can organize itself to Fifteen in order to be able to accomodate under right conditions the countries which strike with our door.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	This is our struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implemented in political choices.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I have also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the future Treaty which will be adopted in Nice.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies fall into force by the further restriction of the right of veto and to increasing the power of Parliament to the EU.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are still in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	(it) the British labour Members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists is very welcome to the contribution that they have continuous work of the IGC on the cooperation, without all the details of this.
Spain has done a magnificent job in turning round the difficult neighbourly relations which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffered during the course of history.	Spain developed in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always existed between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, encouraging the violence in their employment and go up to pay soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the basis of warri.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this context, it is not or cannot be competitive without borders.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can, in fact, want more and better, but I believe that it is a good start.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights persists in the rejection of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be below 7%.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have discussions on this issue, which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement.
We have started to exchange ideas on this question, from which it has emerged that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.	We have started to have trade on this issue, where it appears that all Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the final objective of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite course and we cannot approve it.
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not doomed to remain in the second group, and it is logical that it wants to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a most controversial issue, the Commission has called vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr. President, I have voting in favour of the report García-Margallo there Marfil, which relates to the tax on the abundant services with electronic way.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we part of the club, or we are not, and we must therefore we bow to this decision.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a shame when it is thought that the European Union is posed as a champion modernization of the economic life!
Slovakia has not been condemned to the second division and it is logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic.	Slovakia is not condemned to remain in the second group and it is logical that she wants to adhere to the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a judgment in their favour could only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the political priority of the Union, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	It is necessary to know today, since we are still in the uncertainty, which are the scientific, what are the measures to take.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I insist on this point because the market cannot regulate everything and that, in this perspective, there is neither can be no competition without limits.
They will keep the pressure on, and they are strengthening their position with the revenue they are generating from delivering mail above 150 grams.	They will continue to put the pressure. The money that they gain with the distribution beyond the limit of the 150 grams makes it possible them to reinforce their position.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the integration of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty which will be adopted at Nice.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems to meet these demands should have a longer period of put to the test.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I should like to say a few words on the joint resolution, which will, of course, be passed.	Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall, of course, be voting.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	That is our fight priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights is implemented in political choices.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	As the Court of Human Rights, the Council of Europe has also a solid experience regarding such forms of control; we can take to basis.
If we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deeds, not merely words.	If we want to help Indonesia, we must act now with money and concrete action, and not only with words.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can apply to all drugs récréationnelles provided that the consumer but dangerous drugs is the only to run risks.
Unfortunately, the ultimate objective of a European Constitution would be precisely the opposite, and so, of course, we cannot vote for it.	Unfortunately the ultimate goal of a European Constitution would be exactly the opposite and, of course, we cannot approve it.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we belong to the club, or let us not be we and we thus should be folded with this decision.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot solve all and that, accordingly, there is not and cannot have competition without limits.
That is a shameful state of affairs when we consider that the EU itself is a champion of modernised business practice.	It is a disgrace when it is believed that the European Union has set itself up as a champion modernisation of economic life.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr President, in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report, which I think is well thought-out and clearly formulated.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also that the report of the Court of Auditors was that it had some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
I stress this point because the market cannot regulate everything, which is why competition is not completely unrestricted, nor should it be.	I stress this because the market cannot solve all and that, in this sense, there is no cannot be competitive without limits.
Given this situation, there is an inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment.	Faced with these realities, the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment is essential.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on citizens' freedoms and rights, justice and internal Affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament has voted in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and we are to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable reception reserved for the contribution they have made to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing totally at all the details of this.
Lastly, and most controversially, the committee strongly called for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.	Finally, and this is a controversial issue, the Commission has called with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000 by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of a Spanish sophistry in Colombia engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had been listened to.
It is this kind of future I would also like to see in the other countries within the European Union.	This is a development of the kind that I wish the other States of the European Union.
The only instance in which no tax is levied is when the supplier is in a non-EU country and the recipient is in a Member State of the EU.	The only case for which no tax is still seen is that of a provision in the European Community from a third country.
These objectives, the main one and the secondary ones, will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposals submitted by the Commission must be judged.	These objectives, the primary objective and the secondary objectives, will represent the stone of hitting enabling us to judge the concrete proposals presented by the Commission.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies is increasingly to restrict the right of veto and of giving Parliament more power for the EU.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is rightly that the Legal Committee persists in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be lower than 7%.
Mr President, I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière' s report, which I think is clearly worded and well put together.	Mr. President, I will concentrate in my intervention on the report/ratio of Mrs. Lalumière, report/ratio which I find formulated well conceived and clearly.
The French Presidency thanks you, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, for this cooperation, for your support and also for the warm reception you have given us.	For this cooperation, for your support and also for your warm welcome, Madam President, ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament, the French Presidency thank you.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries who have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative the need to promote democratisation measures, of institution building and respect for the rights of the man in Albania.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	The UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable response given to the contribution they have made to the continuing work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhering fully to all the details of this.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by electronic means.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority for the assertion of fundamental rights is in political choices.
This rule can be applied equally to all recreational but dangerous drugs when no one but the person consuming the drug is likely to be affected.	This rule can also apply to all drugs rÃ©crÃ©ationnelles but dangerous, provided that the consumer of drugs is the only one to run risks.
This is our priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights is put into practice in our political decisions.	It is our priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights is concretized in political choices.
Mr President, I voted for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce.	Mr President, I voted in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report, which concerns the taxation of services provided by way.
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy, Mr Brok, for his clear, comprehensive report.	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Mr Brok, for his clear and comprehensive report.
Finally, I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually.	Finally, I welcome the idea of giving an annual meeting in order to make an assessment of the implementation of the programme.
Whilst employment may be the European Union' s priority policy, fisheries, as another economic sector, cannot remain on the sidelines.	If employment is the priority Union policy, fishing, as an economic sector, cannot remain in margin.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not want in the Treaty, which shows that this text must be put aside.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of price that is proposed is better than another, because the different currently in the Member States all fully.
Either we are in a club or we are out of it and it is particularly important that we accept this.	Either we are part of the club, or we are not and we must therefore we abide by this decision.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not at all convinced that the definition of fair price which is proposed is better than another, because the different definitions used in the Member States are sufficient all amply.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It happening in trial on 8 January. he is accused of taking part in a meeting of Tunisian opponents in France, what to do deny it.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament is in favour of a ban on the use in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only they had.
Mr President, we took a great deal of care over preparing the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs.	Mr President, the Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and internal affairs has prepared with great care the Karamanou report.
I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice.	I also voted against a text which calls for the incorporation of the Charter of Fundamental Rights in the future Treaty, which will be adopted in Nice.
You do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty, evidence indeed that this text, this exercise was always destined to be laid aside.	You do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty, which shows that this text was to be put to one side.
As there is still a lot of uncertainty, we must know what the scientific facts are and what action must be taken.	We need to know today, since we are always in uncertainty, what are the scientific data, what measures are to be taken.
He will stand trial on 8 January on charges of having attended a meeting of the Tunisian opposition in France, which he denies.	It crosses the 8 January of this year. it is to have a Union of Tunisian opponents in France, which Moreover it.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States, the various systems to meet these requirements should have a longer period test.
One could indeed wish for more and for improvement, but I honestly believe that we have made a good start.	We can actually want more and better, but I think quite honestly that it is a good start.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation, as it has reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
while in motion, an impactor makes sudden, forcible contact with the impactee, or two impactors both move, mutually making forcible contact.	hit against; come into sudden contact with;
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession. the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical.	fail to keep or to maintain; cease to have, either physically or in an abstract sense;
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
a record that contains a permanent account of data. this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity.	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded;
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event. in many cases, a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs.	contend against an opponent in a sport, game, or battle;
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time.	spend time in prison or in a labor camp;
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance. also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece, e.g. relating to its size.	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer's capabilities
the word(s) in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that.	the specified day of the month;
this frame concerns a cognizer's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations. it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed.	be aware of the truth of something; have a belief or faith in something; regard as true beyond any doubt;
a useful_location is accessible to some (possibly generic) theme despite a potential barrier, or is not accessible because of the barrier.	having skin rich in melanin pigments;
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents, usually to an addressee. the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text.	look at, interpret, and say out loud something that is written or printed;
in this frame an evaluee is described by a (usually implicit) judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior.	stemming from evil characteristics or forces; wicked or dishonorable; -Thomas Hardy
the reader attends to a text to process its information. sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text.	interpret something that is written or printed;
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water
an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group. the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members.	make an addition (to); join or combine or unite with others; increase the quality, quantity, size or scope of;
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable. this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation; see below.	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category;
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm, energy, and positivity.	animation and energy in action or expression;
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;
in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body. the delivery_device can appear as a direct object.	take or consume (regularly or habitually);
the locale is a geographical location as defined by shape. this frame includes natural geographic features, including land/ice forms and bodies of water.	material in the top layer of the surface of the earth in which plants can grow (especially with reference to its quality or use);
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center; physically spread from a start point.	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center.
a document authorizing another to vote on one's behalf	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting.
What time is Andy Murray v Roger Federer in the Wimbledon men's final? All you need to know about the big game	What time is the Paralympic Opening Ceremony? Everything you need to know about the big curtain-raiser
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap.
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?	| decisions based on evidence so sueing companies like boeing because they want to build in a state his "friends" don't control is not hurting job growth?
but what i said to myself was "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"	so ask yourself "do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better?"...i
the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed" and yet i fought on the ground in viet nam.	the irony of wistful recollections of past protest adventures clothed as they were in a style and form so like their own caricatures of the "reactionary" forces they opposed, was just too much for me.
2) when i said this-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.	5) that dlowan sees this as a personal attack is stretching far too thin-- "i think making excuses for racism is a dangerous form of racism.
ishallriseagain fucked around with this message at jan 04, 2012 around 06:06 every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.	every single person who is assuming zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shot was black.
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
[o]ne thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya, his view of the brits, for example, very different than the average american, huckabee told host steve malzberg, the washington post reported.	and one thing that i do know is his having grown up in kenya - his view of the brits, for example, very different from the average american.
obama's approval ratings are hovering below 50%, yet he has made the list for the 4th year in a row.	grief he's at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row.
why didn't we hear about the deficit during the bush administration?	why didn't we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during his admin the national debt was more than doubled?
what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration, or the president himself, and create an entire show about it?	moving on..."what is limbaugh's or beck's "intent" when they take some innocuous comment uttered by someone in the obama administration,..."
given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.
mr brown said he had asked the cabinet secretary, britain's most senior civil servant, to arrange support for all parties that might be involved in talks over a possible future coalition government.	i have asked the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to parties engaged in discussions on the formation of government.
- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer date says 7/20.	- video shows usda official saying she didn't give 'full force' of help to white farmer try to read the entire thread before post, as it will make you appear less silly.
only six percent of posters will read that entire article.	imagine if rdean knew how to build an intelligent op only six percent of posters will read that entire article.
the jury instruction given on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in their laps.	the jury is charged on the law and in this case material fact was the free speech 1st amendment protection.
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the crash is still being investigated.	the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said he was receiving his information from an afghan officer in kabul.
so you agree that if only 10% of what hacks like you say were true then our wonderful country would have folded in 1777?	like i said earlier, if only 10% of the horseshit you rightwing bitches said were true then our wonderful country would have folded like a cheap suit in or about 1777.
i know when the only solution is to spend trillions for minimal, unproven benefit, i know the liar is a leftist.	i believe that the iran issue is more of an israeli problem then it is of the usa or the western world.
the ows are just a bunch of spoiled kids that want great pay w/o the education or effort it takes to get it.	they are all a bunch of spoiled kids, or whiny adults that want other people to take care of them.
would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh given the israeli mentality i would say we will see them strike iran.	would't be shocked if they used nukes either tbh that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.
i think there are a number of high-profile crimes where criminals are held long long after the point where they are a danger to anyone.	i've yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of his crimes on the grounds that the media, not he, was solely to blame.
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now your ossiah is going to double that.	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number is from the bush administration's fiscal year.
i can't carry on as i am, so i do need to know what his long term intentions are.	i don't mean to be dense, but why do you have to find out what his long term intentions are?
chad dunn, the lawyer for the texas democratic party, said now the county must get preclearance from the justice department before using the machines.	he was made redundant just before he moved to the states so he would have received a lump sum from them (plus extra money for having two children).
and in the end, bush's poll numbers were circling the drain because of his spending...	point me in the direction of all those tea baggers who were out there screaming about the bush deficit spending.
and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.	sadly, by then we had already lost the political war on the streets and campuses of the united states.
we never considered any of those bulk mail ones we get in the mail---they all seem to shady to me and often have incorrect info in them.	however, an article i read in the most recent edition of reason magazine seems to paint a more realistic picture.
• gordon brown has said that it is his "duty" to try to form a stable government.	in the past he has said that the party that wins should have first right to try to form a government.
the verses above from leviticus are in a section of the bible that lists immoral acts and the penalties for them.	the rioters are pretty focused on the police and the president.
the teaser on national public radio mentioning that tomorrow (wed) during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage.	also mentioned that the bush administration is not in favor of raising minimum wage.
(yes heteros sometimes abuse their children) after a while he finds out that his new wife is a lesbian and does not love him.	and yes the two bombs ended the pacific war, with out them we would have been forced to invade them.
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turns out ok...	i stopped going out with friends who i had been friends with all the way through school.
well, us sellers should see some improvement with regard to the hassles involved with non-payers once the shopping cart goes into effect site wide.	the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december, but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect.
that is a big claim, it would quite an amazing escalation if israel used nuclear bombs on iran.	thus meaning, there would be no investigation, no folow up and of course, no crime ref no for the insurance company.
sometimes i like to think that if the current generation had fought in that war, we would have lost.	my first blog post being directed towards the current rioting in the uk, as you may have guessed by now.
new democrats share the concerns voiced by the council of canadians over any trade deal that is negotiated in secrete.	gypsies were not dragged in, but they were enslaved by the local lords anyway, for they were nomads and had no status.
william hill have cut the odds on the prime minister leaving this year from 5/1 to 9/4.	ladbrokes have cut the odds on john prescott becoming the next prime minister from 100/1 to 25/1 following a rush of bets.
and at the hospital, it seemed tomtake forever for them tomfind her on the fetal monitor; l was so scared!	i left the site determined to still love the man he once was to me and so i continue to listen to his records to this day.
flint laid off police officers because the union refused to accept any cuts and chose their benefits over avoiding layoffs.	no need for lawyers because the strings are pulled so that they aren't ever charged in the first place.
the point is, my dad will write all the letters and i will sign them, is that ok?	i then took a picture of him eating it and emailed it round and said he has stole it as a joke.
i still miss her terribly, even though there were times when i felt i never wanted to see her again.	sorry if this sounds silly, but it's the first thing that sprung to my mind when i read how you wanted to ring her.
since there would be no "spouse", employees would become liable for employer portions of health insurance because there would be no waiving of the tax penalty for employer provided health insurance for a spouse.	one such benefit is a military member who has a spouse is eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse.
it was bemusing to many here how deeply ingrained the open racism still is in some communities of the usa.	hello i was wondering if anyone has been having problems with paying for childcare using evouchers with computershare.
if a bj was the biggest concern of the nation with the president right now-the whole country would be a lot better.	i change the diaper at the normal time in the evening and it is huge and totally full of pee.
thankfully the silent majority are overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition are a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population.	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
they are fighting the idea that goivernment has the right to mandate that an insuirance company must sell a service...even	their share of the vote has gone up just 1 point and they have lost seats.
they used to treat it as a real safety net, but it becoming a bit of a fishing net in malmo at the moment.	mean, i know that a car is a material posession, but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it.
territorial disputes have been a major irritant in bilateral relations between the two nations and led to brief but bitter war in 1962.	there would have been millions less dead if we had done so and the government would be but little different than it is now.
great catch anyone who would compare sharpton to hitler is just well a moron and a major pile of shit.	as a bank manager, you would expect him to have made a will but people are strange and he may not have done.
no one i phoned had any record of a will for him, so the solicitors are happy to proceed along this line.	none of them conformed to the conditions set out and agreed to by the allies.
these are ridiculous iranian people are jeopardized by this., not its government.	as thomas correctly pointed out, a great many people could and would be replaced by technology if this were the case.
my memories i think i may have a terrible memory because the earliest i can remember is around the time i was in kindergarten.	the bill was passed in the lower house of the french parliament in december, but it needs to be approved by the senate to go into effect.
if you can't sort things out without suing someone or speaking to a therapist, then you're not ready to shoot grouse.	it's scary to think that he could have stood next to me in line at the movies or the store.
he took two small papers with declining circulation in a small city in south australia and built a media empire and made himself on of the wealthiest men in the world.	we may get a call from a client saying that they need something and called another service as well..and the one who performs the quickest gets the order.
they dont have the same social and economic problems as we in the uk have which is a big factor..	little do they know they're far left utopia only works if the whole world is in it too.
they are not made up of the usual zombietime bums, college students or acorn bussed in hacks and seiu union thugs or commie funded answer geeks.	they would retain all of their chinese, korean and other possessions and we would return their home island captures.
for example if she phoned i would say very sorry but i am in the middle of cooking/football/anything.	not only do i not have the funds for this, but i am in the 3rd year of an iva.
however my cash flow is better with them then without since the rental income more than covers the mortgages on them plus...	and the only reason they are there is because of insane student loan practices that are identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practices.
but, you know, don't hold your breath on that one fellas because, you know, when america invades a country, we love you long time.	do you think she just told you not to bother because you just had a baby not to long ago?
i lost him when i was quite young, and like most ww ii vets, he would never discuss what he'd been through.	i told him, and he's angry and me, but he told me he didn't want me before i did it.
mean, i know that a car is a material posession, but i like to keep my stuff looking nice if i can help it.	in actual practise, the clinics tend to keep the embryos on ice because they fear law suits.
i became aware of a strong, beautiful woman, heard her speak, "i want to ask a question.	i told him to bring lots of pens and paper because i had lots i wanted to say and lots of questions.
i am not sure if what i have written is what the coroner actually wants or what he can use.	i often wonder if he might have lived longer had he stayed with a more physically demanding job.
it was bloody hard work and working for free to gain experience is a good thing.	i'm not very dogmatic about too many things, but i firmly believe young teens having sex is not a good thing.
so i was living at a homeless tent city called camp take notice in ann arbor and i was living in a tent with the man i was in a relationship with.	so the night before thanksgiving she asked me if i was still making the pie and i told her yes, i was going to make it from scratch with suger pumpkins i grew in my garden.
for the most part, i think the market should be allowed to set it's own price, but would agree that there does have to be a minimum wage of some kind.	he's an adult. he should be courteous to your home and keep it clean, but outside of that he should be able to come and go as he pleases.
Lebanon's PM forms 'unity cabinet' Lebanon's prime minister has formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office, taking in a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions am	BEIRUT: Lebanon's prime minister formed a cabinet more than 10 months after taking office yesterday, including a wide range of political groups after bridging serious divisions among them mostly over
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.	Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
A man wearing a t-shirt that says "Gigolo" stands at the counter talking to someone.	A man wearing a shirt that says "Gigolo" is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera.
Two women sitting on a bench, their faces obscured, with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume.	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel.	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.	The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides.	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side.
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow.	The dog with the red collar is bearing it's teeth at the dog with the blue collar.
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man's back while he is laying on a blanket.	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun.
