The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game their longest win streak since 2001 as they edged Colorado, 3-2, Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.	The Dodgers won their sixth consecutive game and seventh in their last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium.
The nation's largest retailer has told its 100 top suppliers they have to start using electronic tags on all pallets of goods by Jan. 25, 2005.	Wal-Mart has told its top 100 suppliers that they'll need to have radio-frequency ID systems in place for tracking pallets of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25, 2005.
OPEC producers at a meeting on Wednesday are set to pressure independent oil exporters to contribute to the cartel's next supply cut to allow for the return of Iraqi oil.	OPEC this week is set to pressure independent exporters to back the cartel's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of Iraqi exports undercutting oil prices.
Agriculture ministers from more than one hundred nations are expected to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsored by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Heather, 35, who lost a leg in a road accident, is thought to have steel plates fitted in her hips, which would make natural childbirth impossible.	Former model Lady McCartney lost a leg in a road accident in 1993 and is understood to have steel plates fitted in her hips which would make natural childbirth difficult.
Thanks to the euro's rise against the Japanese currency, the dollar was at 117.24 yen, well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen.	The euro's rise against the yen and speculation of Japanese intervention helped the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the whole ijaw indigenous showed Chevron to encourage the violence against them and of up to pay Nigerian soldiers to shoot the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has also fought for this reduction in the funds available for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of the framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States in all amply sufficient.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It should be the real coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will speed up and a network of centres of excellence of food at regional level.  
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name, to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of Brittany as Marín, city of Galicia, where originating from most of the victims.
A step in the right direction, for which the European Parliament has been striving for a long time now, is the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation.	The creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation is a step in the right direction, not to which the European Parliament has been seeking for a long time already.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial aim of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct necessary to establish, between insurers, the forms of cost option guaranteeing all the supply of good quality of care and to counter the risks of discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can see the Commission's position in terms of public access to documents by reading the internal manual which was given on 11 October, with the Commission officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members with regard to access to documents.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, it is not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price proposed is better than another, because the different definitions are currently used in the Member States are enough is enough.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now obliging the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament, in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that they initiatives does the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan?  
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU.  
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just like the Court of the human rights, the Council of Europe has to him also a solid experiment with regard to such forms of control. We can take it for base.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to take this message, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to act and to make it so that, together with this House, these being nationalistic period relics may be abandoned.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence of food safety at regional level.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Therefore, it is urgent that the personnel of the inter-service group are very quickly reinforced at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposals of the Act of general interest can be accompanied, during their examination by the Commission on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a detailed fiche d'impact.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would have done better by making its voice heard, in view of the Nice European Council, a separate and specific resolution on the issues which are so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299 (2) of a fiche d'impact detailed.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, was better to have no agreement only have an agreement that is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the rebate, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worse when it comes to women's distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and who have no alternative to continue supporting themselves to their vital needs.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to take action pursuant and to make to it so that, in.liaison.with this Parliament, these one nationalist era old relics can be abandoned.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is managed in the Member States.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. (IN) the British Labor Members of group PSE are pleased with the favourable response reserved for the contribution which they made to the ongoing work of the IGC on the reinforced cooperation, without adhering completely to all the details of this one.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people All-Ijaw Chevron have been accused of inciting violence against them and to go so far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the Warri naval base.
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party has profound reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation, as it expresses reservations about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the initial matter of the rapporteur and shared per number of Members, consists in promoting the regulations and the codes of conduct necessary to found, between insurers, the forms of mutualisation of the costs guaranteeing to all the supply of an high quality of care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a risk selection and customers.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner, for the steps which they show that we consider and as the representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union will have to deal with.  
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, but the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and to many other problems, needs the visible signs of success as well as a strong support, on pain of being threatened peace in the region as a whole.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than to have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the proposal was a proposal to you, totally unacceptable for Europe.  
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament has called for in its resolution of 16 March 2000, they initiatives European Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation Fund which enable engaging the advantage of public service will probably long fire.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder if the Commissioner already provides the steps that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum and labelling which is in force for two and a half months, does not properly to trace the origin of the animals and we have banned quite late specified risk materials.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measures for democratisation, institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I call on Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef and veal, which has been decided, which is a minimum and which is in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to trace the origin of the animals properly and we have banned well late at risk.  
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say this to you very clearly: we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure an amnesty during the weeks or months ahead; but in the meantime, I wish, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction in the funds allocated to the innovative actions to be compensated for by the use of framework of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of national democracies is still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agencies, which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence food safety at regional level.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that this House in this morning's debate must learn is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are all over the world, in a state of chaos, and that we must set about the task to sort all this out.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Certainly, it was not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal to the reduction, totally unacceptable for Europe.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must retain this House in her this morning's debate is that we are forced to conclude that the laws are maritime, throughout the world, in a state of mess, and that we must set about the task of them to bring order.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept which would be admitted that big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the big bang concept which would admit that at the same time, a large group of countries, because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my opinion, there is nothing worse than having to inform the people to be made in their favour could be that a series of words and have no worries on their existence.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice, in view of the Nice Council, a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subjects and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than treating them within the framework of a single resolution including also all other items on the agenda of the Council.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that it had submitted some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the All-Ijaw natives showed Chevron to incite with the violence in their opposition and of going until paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot at the demonstrators at the naval base from Warri.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the provisions proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, especially on this point than we tabled amendments.
The Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insists on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7%.	It is right in saying that the Committee on Legal Affairs continues in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which cannot be less than 7%.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things deteriorate when it is a question of women from countries which have accepted this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide their basic needs.  
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agencies which, in their turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centers of excellence of food safety at the regional level.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which was decided, which is a minimum labelling and which came into effect only since two months and half, does not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animals and we prohibited well tardily the specified risk materials.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	Since 1996, the European Parliament had decided in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meals in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it had been listened to.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say to you very clearly: we must give its chance Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty during the weeks and months ahead; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, politically and in terms of the budget, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budgetary lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to try now to force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Undoubtedly, was it not to have an agreement better than to have an agreement which is bad and, in this case, the American proposal was a proposal with the reduction, completely unacceptable for Europe.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the power of the national democracies decreases in force of limiting increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to respond and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist age can be abandoned.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Given the criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it would now a tax for all users, including the lorry drivers in the UK.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the way accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparation process and the special session in September 2001.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a business or a society with fewer than 250 a project, it must be possible for a means not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.  
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first, on this issue, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is in relation to the Member States to promote an action intended to what we could consider as a culture, on the standard them in the matter of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I express however the conviction that our Parliament would have better done to hear its voice while devoting, for Conseil of Nice, a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topics to the intergovernmental Conference, rather than to treat them within the framework of one only resolution also including all the other points of about an agenda of the Council.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors a little more user-friendly and if he had presented a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, we must say 'no' to the concept being recognised that the big bang, but at the same time, a large group of countries, because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merits.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take; however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists and the Group of the Party of European Socialists, from a Spanish in the negotiations with the;  
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in their favour can only be a series of reassuring words and have no practical effect on their existence.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	It is what we did: we avoided a budgetary crisis while returning in article 272; the financial perspectives were maintained, even if we used the flexibility instrument.
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I invite Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow up and to ensure that, together with this House, these reliques an era nationalist may be abandoned.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we started in category four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the issue, not least because the Council does not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. However, the government, which very courageously found a solution with the question of the universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of the success as well as strong support, under penalty of seeing the peace threatened as a whole of the area.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole dependent – the example of Denmark is there for us to show it – elimination on social and democratic deficits for European policy.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Faced with the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer, gave a different interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British drivers of heavy goods vehicles.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament decided in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle, if only we had listened to.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The situation is worsening, when it comes to women distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet their basic needs.
The Council of Europe, along with the Court of Human Rights, has a wealth of experience of such forms of supervision, and we can build on these.	Just as the Court of human rights, the Council of Europe also has a solid experience in this regard such forms of control and we can take as a basis.  
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the comments by the rapporteur and a number of colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct for dialogue, between a good supply of guaranteeing the provision of a good practices and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices and a series of risks and customers.  
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a European police culture, based on the highest standards in terms of ethics, respect for citizens' rights and freedoms, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the model of the "-" - namely the majority - will be in the future as a means of taking in ignoring the European institutions and to a new institution, or a new Group, to be able to bypass the rule of unanimity in the Council?  
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My party expresses serious reservations about the regulation of the sale of consumer products by means of Community legislation, as it makes reservations about the concept of the mutual recognition of standards.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence in food safety at regional level.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We are pleased with proposed arrangements in this respect by the committee preparatory and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organizations, with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam the President, I ask you, in the name of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and in my proper name, to send a message of sympathy on behalf of the Parliament to the families of the victims and to the local authorities both of Brittany and of Marín, town of Galicia, from where are originating the majority in the victims.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group are very quickly reinforced with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all the proposals of act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, of a detailed impact statement.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have begun the heading four, with its approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to resolve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate enough food for thought.
It must genuinely be a centre for coordinating the network of national agencies which, in turn, must activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual regions.	It must be the real brains of coordination of the network of national agencies which, in turn, will have to activate and coordinate a network of centres of excellence on food safety at regional level.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the abduction by Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla movement.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you think that the Austrian 'model' - the majority decisions to be taken in future bilateral - it will be an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and to set up a new institution, or a new group, in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various countries and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for us to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficits for the European policy.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament however also fought so that this reduction of the funds allocated with the innovative measures is compensated by the use of the framework of flexibilisation, defined in a declaration on the financial perspective.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson which this Parliament in her debate of this morning must retain is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a state of disorder, and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend – the example of Denmark is there for us to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficits of European policy.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	Indeed, there is absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that is proposed is better than another, because the definitions used in the Member States currently sufficient all amply.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I say it very clearly to you: it is necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope since it will take care of an amnesty during the weeks or of the months to come; but meanwhile, I wish however that, on the political plan and the budgetary term, of the political conditions be coupled with the introduction of these two special budget headings, namely democratization and the rebuilding.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	We must organise ourselves in fifteen Member States, to be able to welcome in good conditions for the countries which are knocking on our door.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in reading the internal manual, which was submitted, on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain the way in which they were to deal with the requests from the Members regarding access to documents.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This Parliament has, however, also fought for this reduction of funds for innovative actions should be compensated for by the use of flexibility, defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794/2000, Misters Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, in the name of the Europeans Group of the European Socialist, on removal in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in the negotiations with the guerrilla;
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop their own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the true democratic principles.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by returning to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right conditions for countries which are knocking on our door.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a one-person business or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only to guarantee to 120%, but merely on the basis of a good idea.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	This is why I also think that this reconciliation can hold. however, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the question and to many other problems, need visible signs of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region.  
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the largest part of this money is managed in the Member States.
On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies is being reduced by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament is being given more power.	On the contrary, the influence of the national democracies decreases by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can have, however, the Government, which has very courageously a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success as well as strong support, otherwise the threatened peace in the region as a whole.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	The things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. It is in particular on this point that we introduced amendments.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5-0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on Colombia removal of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us to organise ourselves Fifteen to welcome in good conditions to the countries knocking at our door.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would have also wished that the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more convivial and that it had presented some clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations per chapter.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, however, there is nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling in their favour could not have been a series of words réconfortants and do not have any consequences concrete on their existence.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find a little strange to want as of now forcing the Commission with a motion for resolutions and to ask him in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurances and the complementary health insurances.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides steps which will show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union must now address.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As requested by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, that these initiatives the presidency of the European Council is going to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan?
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original words of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and the codes of conduct needed to establish, between insurers, forms of mutual costs guaranteeing to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of seeing develop discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthened very quickly at the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission, so that all proposals to act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the college on the basis of Article 299(2), a detailed impact statement.
The House had also fought, however, for the reduction of the funds available for innovative measures to be offset by means of resources from the flexibility instrument, a demand which is recorded in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement.	This House but also fought so that this reduction in funds allocated to the innovative actions is offset by the use of framework of flexibility, as defined in a statement on the financial perspective.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably long.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employees is a project, it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120%, but also on the basis of a good idea.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked the report of the Court of Auditors fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he seen tabled a few clear recommendations - for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we are able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, recognising the real democratic principles.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	But I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that the bulk of this money is administered in the Member States.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied by the college in their discussion on the basis of Article 299, paragraph 2, a fiche d'impact detailed.
After all, it is by no means certain that the proposed definition of equitable price is better than any other, because the various definitions that are currently in use in the Member States are all perfectly satisfactory.	In fact, it is by no means certain that the definition of fair prices which is being proposed is better than another, because the different definitions currently used in the Member States all are quite adequate.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	- British Labour members of the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcomed contribution to the continuous work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without fully adhere to all the details of it.
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I believe that this reconciliation can take. However, the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the threatened peace throughout the region.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, worth it better not to have an agreement that will have an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the American proposal was a watered-down proposal, unacceptable for Europe.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous All-Ijaw accused Chevron to encourage violence against them and to go as far as to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators in the naval base of Warri.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the measures proposed in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001.
Reiterating the calls made by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000, what initiatives does the Presidency of the European Council propose to take with a view to playing a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan?	As the European Parliament asked it in its resolution of March 16, 2000, that they initiatives the presidency of the European Council does hope to take to play a more active part in order to guarantee the application full and whole peace plan of UNO?
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we define a clear framework and constraining for the Member States, the various systems having to satisfy these requirements should have more a long period of setting with the test.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany and MarÃ­n, city of Galicia, which most of the victims.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make it more imperative the need to promote measures for democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
As a matter of urgency, therefore, the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attached to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthened at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposals for acts which are general in scope are accompanied, when considered by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299(2), by a simplified sheet outlining their potential impact.	Thus, it is urgent that the staff of the interservice group are very quickly strengthened at the heart of the secretariat of the committee, so that all the proposed act of general scope can be accompanied, during their examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 (2), a fiche d'impact detail.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	(B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Linkohr and Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;
I call on Prague to respond to this signal, this challenge, this plea for dialogue, to grant our request and to ensure, together with our House, that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consigned to the past.	I would urge Prague to seize this sign, this invitation, this request for dialogue, to follow them up, and to ensure that, together with this House, these relics of a nationalist era can be abandoned.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we have to know the Commission's position in relation to public access to documents on reading the internal Manuel which has been submitted, on 11 October, to the Commission officials in order to explain how they deal with the requests of Members regarding access to documents.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that we can also remain in force more restrictive provisions, but particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson for us within this House in its debate this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are in the world, in a state of control, and that we must get down to the task to put its house in order.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the General Assembly as regards the method of accreditation non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001.
I should also have liked the Court of Auditors' report to have been a little more user-friendly and to have provided a number of clear recommendations, for example one or two per chapter.	I would also have liked to see the report of the Court of Auditors was a little more user-friendly and that he had tabled a number of clear recommendations, for example, one or two recommendations by chapter.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am nevertheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better to its voice heard by spending, for the Council of Nice, a resolution specific and separate with so important and so difficult issues to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
There is, of course, one crucial event, namely that a start has been made with category four and with looking at ways how we will deal with it, but it is not yet entirely clear whether we have managed to resolve this, partly because the Council refuses to have sufficient input in the attendant thought processes.	There is, of course, a very important point is the fact that we have started category four, with his approach, but we do not yet know very well if we managed to solve the problem, particularly because the Council does not wish to participate in the discussion.
If we define a clear, binding framework for the Member States, then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support systems required to satisfy these requirements.	If we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States, the various systems have to meet these requirements should have a longer period of put to the test.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things are getting worse when it is a matter of women from distant countries which have accepted this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for their vital needs.
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the whole herd has been applied, and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	Nevertheless, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spends only 1% of the GDP of the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	That is what we have done: we avoided a budgetary crisis back to Article 272, the financial perspective has been maintained, even if we use the flexibility instrument.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the initial reflections on this issue, which took place at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed towards the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police European culture, focused on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the people, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We welcome the proposed provisions in this respect by the preparatory committee and decided by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisations, the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Vis-a-vis criticisms, particularly those of Ireland and France, the British Chancellor of the Exchequer gave a new interpretation of it: it would be now about a tax for all the users, including the British drivers of heavy lorries.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measures to democratisation, the strengthening of institutions and the respect for human rights in Albania.
But I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spends just 1% of GDP and much of that is administered in the Member States.	However, I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union is spending that 1% of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money is managed in the Member States.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we can hear the Commission's position on public access to documents from the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain to them how to deal with the requests of Members as regards access to documents.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	From 1996, the European Parliament has declared itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we had listened.
I find it rather odd that people are already trying to tie the Commission's hands in relation to the proposal for a directive, while at the same calling on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance schemes.	I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask him at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance.
Do you think that the Austrian model, i.e. bilateral majority resolutions, will be used in future as a way of passing resolutions which bypass the European institutions and of forming a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council?	Do you believe that the Austrian model "’ – namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future an instrument to take decisions by ignoring the European institutions and start a new institution, or a new group, to get round the unanimity rule in the Council?
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	It is not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force for more restrictive provisions. This is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we cannot know the position of the Commission in the matter of public access to documents in reading the Commission has that has been postponed, on 11 October, the officials of the Commission in order to explain the way in which they had to deal with the requests in this regard access to documents.  
Therefore, I also believe that this reconciliation is sustainable, but that the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the university issue and to many other issues, needs visible signs of its success, and powerful support, else peace throughout the region will be under threat.	That is why I also believe that this reconciliation can take, and the government, which has very courageously found a solution to the issue of universities and many other problems, needs visible signs of success and a strong support, otherwise the peace threatened in the region as a whole.
That is what we have done: we have avoided a budgetary crisis by going to Article 272; the financial perspective has been maintained, even though we have used the flexibility instrument.	This is what we have done: we have a budget crisis in coming to Article 272; the financial perspectives have been maintained, even if we have used the flexibility instrument.  
I know that in France they have had whole herd slaughter and this does not seem to be the best way forward.	I know that in France, the principle of slaughter of the entire herd has been implemented and that this does not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	The things worsen when it is question of women of distant countries who accepted this work by need and who do not have any other possibility to continue to provide for their vital needs.
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us hold to fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the right conditions which countries knocking at our door.
In Nigeria, Chevron has been accused by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigating violence against them and actually paying Nigerian soldiers to shoot protesters at the Warri naval base.	In Nigeria, the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accused of encouraging the violence against them and to go up to pay Nigerian soldiers to draw on the demonstrators at the naval base of Warri.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority in Himara make more imperative that measures to promote democratisation, strengthening the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months, does not make it possible to properly remind the origin of the animals and we banned very late specified risk material.
The very worst situation is when the women concerned also come from distant countries, having taken the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continuing to provide for themselves.	Things worse when it comes to women's distant countries which accepted this work by need and which have no other option to continue to provide for their vital needs.
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	Furthermore, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia, recognising the genuine democratic principles.
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the police chief envisages already stages which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of Serbian people and as the partner with whom the European Union will have henceforth to treat.
On my own behalf and on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries, I would ask you, Madam President, to send Parliament' s condolences to the families of the victims and to the local authorities in both Brittany and in Marín, Galicia, from where the majority of the victims came.	Madam President, I would ask you, on behalf of my colleagues in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf, to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the families of the victims and the local authorities of both Brittany Marín, that the city of Galicia, which are from most of the victims.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than having to warn people that a ruling for them could only be a series of words pleasing and have no practical effect on their existence.
The other viewpoint illustrated by the rapporteur' s initial statement and shared by a number of members is to promote regulations and codes of conduct which are needed in order to establish among insurers ways of organising costs on a mutual basis providing everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practices developing together with risk and client selection.	The other point of view, illustrated by the original subject of the rapporteur and shared by many colleagues, is to promote the regulations and codes of conduct to be found, between insurers, the forms of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risks to see developing discriminatory practices and a selection of risks and customers.
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	Criticism, especially those of Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.
B5-0794/2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnap in Colombia of a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerillas;	B5 0794 / 2000, by Mr Medina Ortega, Mr Linkohr and Mr Fava, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the kidnapping of Colombia a Spanish Jesuit engaged in negotiations with the guerrilla;
Let us, as a Europe of 15 Member States, organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those countries who are knocking at the door into the fold under respectable conditions.	Let us, here in order to be able to welcome in good conditions the countries that are knocking at our door.  
I wonder if the Commissioner has planned any steps in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elected representative of the Serbian people, and the only partner with whom the European Union is involved as from today.	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provides for steps to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elected representative of the Serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union must now address.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which were held at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to Member States to promote an action intended to develop what we could consider a European police culture, focused on the highest standards in terms of ethics, human rights and freedoms, and efficiency in the fight against crime.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first reflexions on this file, which took place at the European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission committed itself with respect to the Member States promoting an action intended to develop what we could regard as a European police culture, centered on the highest standards as regards deontology, of respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and of effectiveness in the fight against crime.
Mr President, the Commission' s attitude to the right of access to documents may be seen from the internal handbook sent on 11 October to employees of the Commission to tell them how to deal with requests from MEPs for access to documents.	Mr President, we know the position of the Commission on public access to documents in the internal manual, which was submitted on 11 October, the Commission's officials in order to explain how to handle applications by Members as regards access to documents.
Secondly, say no to the big bang idea of incorporating candidate countries simultaneously as a large group, since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admitted on its own merits.	Secondly, it is necessary to say “not” to the concept big-bang which would like that one admits at the same time an major group of country, because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country according to its merits.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The safeguarding of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably failure.
Above all, when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it should not need to provide 120% loan guarantees in the form of land to receive financing; it should also be possible for it to be funded on the basis of a good idea.	Above all, when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employees has a project, it must be possible to benefit from funding not only with a guaranteed to 120%, but also on the basis of a simple idea:
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	In addition, we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we are able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, by recognizing the true democratic principles.
And I am telling you loud and clear: Kostunica must be given his chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of weeks or months, but meanwhile, I do want the introduction of those two new budget lines, democratisation and reconstruction, to be accompanied by political conditions, both from a political and budgetary perspective.	And I would say to you very clearly: it must be given a chance to Kostunica, and I therefore hope that it will provide an amnesty over the coming weeks or months; but in the meantime, I hope, however, that, in political terms and in budgetary terms, the political conditions are linked to the introduction of these two new budget lines, namely democratisation and reconstruction.
We welcome the arrangements proposed in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopted by the General Assembly regarding procedures for the registration of non-governmental organisations for involvement in the preparatory process and the Special Session in September 2001.	We congratulate the provisions proposed in this respect by the Committee and by the general Assembly of the United Nations with regard to the method of non-governmental organisations, and the extraordinary session of September 2001.  
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	By withdrawing our resolution, I am nonetheless convinced that our Parliament would have done better in devoting its voice to the Nice European Council, a specific resolution and separate issues so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal with them in the context of a single resolution including also all the other items on the agenda of the Council.
As long ago as 1996 the European Parliament came out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only.	In 1996, the European Parliament was in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union, in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we had listened to.
The labelling of beef that was agreed on, which is a minimum form of labelling and only came into force two and a half months ago, does not make it possible for the origin of animals to be adequately traced, and we were very slow to ban specified risk materials.	The labelling of beef which has been decided, which is a minimum labelling and which has only been in force for two and a half months ago, does not make it possible to trace the origin of animals properly very late and have banned the specified risk material.
Without doubt, it was better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it is true that, in this instance, the American proposal was a third-rate proposal, and one which was completely unacceptable to Europe.	Without doubt, just better to have no agreement than having an agreement that is wrong and, in this case, the US proposal was a watered-down proposal, which is totally unacceptable for Europe.
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my view, there is, however, nothing worse than to have to warn the people a ruling in their favour could be a series of reassuring words and have no concrete result on their existence.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The preservation of the universal service with a compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private benefits for the benefit of the public service will probably long fire.
The UK Labour members of the PES Group welcome the adoption of their contribution to the ongoing work of the IGC on reinforced cooperation, without endorsing every single detail.	. The British Labour Members of the PSE Group welcomes the support given to the contribution to the work of the IGC on closer cooperation, without adhere entirely with all the details of this.
This is a vague area, and it is possible that more restrictive provisions may also remain in force, and this is one point in respect of which we have tabled amendments.	Things are not clear on this point, and it is not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measures, and that is particularly on this point that we have tabled amendments.  
- My party has serious reservations about Community law applying to the sale of consumer products, as against applying the concept of mutual recognition of standards.	My Party to serious and about the rules of the sale of consumer products by means of the Community, just as it sets about the concept of mutual recognition of standards.  
That was changed in the face of criticism, especially from Ireland and France, and a different spin has now been put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer: it is now being portrayed as a user charge for all, including British lorry drivers.	In view of the criticism, especially those in Ireland and France, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has given a new interpretation: it is now a tax for all users, including the British lorry drivers.
The lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime laws throughout the world are in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of putting them right.	The lesson that must keep this Assembly in its debate of this morning is that we are forced to conclude that the maritime laws are, all over the world, in a State of mess, and that we should get down to the task to put in order.  
On the other hand, we would like to be given a chance to prove to Europe that we are able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on our own, by recognising the genuine principles of democracy.	In addition, we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we are in a position to alone the cause of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia, while recognizing the principles.  
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly, the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different countries and for the EU as a whole - depends on the example of Denmark is for us to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.
It is unlikely that the planned protection of the universal provision of services by means of a compensatory fund, as a result of which private profits are ploughed back into public services, will last.	The maintenance of the universal service means of a compensation fund which could initiate private profits for the benefit of the public service will probably deal fire.
Thirdly, acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual countries and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrated this - on dismantling the social and democratic deficits of European policy.	Thirdly: the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various countries and for the EU as a whole depend - the example of Denmark is here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficits in European policy.
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek imperative more the need to promote measures, of strengthening the institutions and the respect of human rights in Albania.  
Worst of all, I believe, is having to issue a warning that a court judgment in their favour may just be a set of comforting words and make no real difference in their lives.	In my eyes, there is however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment delivered in their favour could be only one series of comforting words and not to have any practical consequence on their existence.
While withdrawing the resolution, however, I express the conviction that this Parliament would have made its voice heard better if, in anticipation of the Council of Nice, it had devoted a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topics of the Intergovernmental Conference, instead of dealing with them in a single resolution that also embraces all the other points on the Council agenda.	In withdrawing our resolution, I am, however, convinced that our Parliament would have made its voice heard in dedicating, in view of the Nice Council, a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the Intergovernmental Conference, rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution including also all the other points of the agenda of the Council.  
There is an urgent need, following the recent attacks on the Greek minority in Himara, to promote democratisation measures and measures to strengthen institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.	The recent incidents against the Greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measures of democratisation, strengthening of the institutions and respect for human rights in Albania.
From the first discussions on this dossier, which were held at European level at the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission has given a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action designed to develop what we might call a European police culture, grounded in the highest standards of duty, respect for the rights and freedoms of our citizens and efficiency in the fight against crime.	Since the first thoughts on this issue, which took place at European level on the initiative of the European Parliament, the Commission is committed to the Member States to promote action to develop what we might regard as a European police culture, based on the highest standards in the field of ethics, respect for the rights and freedoms of the citizens, and effectiveness in the fight against crime.
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a (possibly unexpressed) whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle.	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back; usually is capable of being opened
this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents. the form may also represent the entire body of an artist's work. the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork's creation or other descriptors.	(architecture) one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event. a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements.	(usually followed by `to') having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something;
